2	Photo :  Pebble have launched a new model ,  the Pebble Steel ,  to appeal to the more fashion conscious wearer .  
2	Intel Galileo now in stock  @  RS 
2	 @ choult id like something that does tabulation ,  bullets and line wrap
2	Walk in to potential new data centre and bump in to a  @ brainslans in reception .  Small world ! 
2	Can someone tell me why everyone is going on about Starbound ?  Isnt it just like Terraria ? 
2	Photo :  There are two rules for success… 
2	 @ paulmaunders brilliant article ! 
2	OK live typing  -  Im impressed . 
2	“ @ BigDataBorat :  Estimate of MongoDBs value vary ,  one replica say  $ 700m ,  one replica say  $ 1 . 2b ,  one replica say  $ 1 . 5b . ”  @ RobertBelgrave
2	Facebook wants to track your cursor’s movement and sell info to advertisers  -  Facebook is testing software .  .  .  
2	The Painting  -  textastrophe :  
2	 @ haswalt kinda like an IDE actually ,  but for normal language
2	Senior vs junior sysadmin during an outage  -  devopsreactions :  by Hazzim 
2	 @ haswalt email me your design and a photo of where you want it
2	Apple will be Forced to Change iPhone as Europe Adopts Common Battery Charger  -   \ o /  
2	The Second Coming of Java 
2	Ahhh its happening .  The memories ! 
2	Your estimated delivery date is : Monday ,  December 09 ,  2013  - Monday ,  December 30 ,  2013  # helpful
2	Brilliant talks today at  # 2045fs ,  especially by  @ Optimistontour ,   @ theretronaut and Prof .  Kevin Warrick
2	 @ TashaKateCooper too many magic gems
2	Order bespoke clothes online 3d printed out of polygons in a heap  -  Pretty damn cool if you ask me ,  .  .  .  
2	 @ haswalt indeed .  Doesnt do what I need though and Im no programmer  ;  )  was hoping something already existed ,  my googling indicates a hole
2	 @ codeguy  @ Yubico shouldnt be used instead of a password ,  it should be used as well as one .  but they are very good as TFA mechanisms go ! 
2	 @ LINX _ Network  @ andyd Andy are your slides form today available to download ? 
2	Well this is odd !  Using Steam Big Picture ,  to browse Facebook ,  on a Mac ,  with a PS3 controller .  .  . 
2	inFORM :  MIT’s Morphing Table  -  Love this .  Simple and brilliant .  
2	 @ duedil how frequently do your website screenshots update ?  i dont think the one for Wirehive has changed in over 2 years ! 
2	 @ KoopaGreen You should have seen the deliveries to the office over the last week .  I should have time lapsed it ! 
2	 @ harryford happy to join in
2	I posted a new photo to Facebook 
2	Stop piping curl ( 1 )  to sh ( 1 )  !   -  chrissnell :  I’ve noticed a trend lately where software developers ask you .  .  .  
2	Photoset :  Happily running ,  self contained from SD card ,  no computer involved  :  )  And now with added LCD !  .  .  .  
2	Rachel has summed up my feelings on iOS and my iPhone in a perfect analogy :   " It’s like when you’re capped on .  .  .  
2	 @ KoopaGreen like ! 
2	 " According to the Government The Guardian is a terrorist organisation  [  .  .  .  ]  anybody buying The Guardian is funding terrorism "   # LINX83
2	 @ RobertBelgrave interesting .  Reveals a pro bug as well where an icon remains with no screen grab ! 
2	Memory lane ?  Or nightmares ?  
2	Photo :  Engraved tablet  :  )  Anyone want something engraved let me know !  
2	White House considers appointing civilian NSA chief amid calls for reform 
2	Disks get sad if you shout at them  -  
2	Risk - Based Authentication 
2	Its Time to Take Mesh Networks Seriously  ( And Not Just for the Reasons You Think )   |  Wired Opinion 
2	15 Facts That Reveal The Utter Insanity Of Britains Housing Market  -  Or why you will never be able to buy a .  .  .  
2	Winamp shutting down 20th December  -  The end of an era .  
2	Stupid middle of the day nap .  That was a bad choice . 
2	The Mystery of the Creepiest Television Hack 
2	Banksy Sells Original Artworks for  $ 60 a Piece in Central Park  -  Guys a genius  :  )  
2	 @ altrezia you mean my other home ? 
2	 @ orcare id imagine so for an airfield ! 
2	The WhiteHat Aviator Secure Web Browser 
2	I fought my ISPs bad behavior and won  -  Eric Helgeson 
2	Welding in slow motion 
2	Pay with Loop  -  wtf ?   -  It amazes me that this is gaining interest .  The implication is an insight as a .  .  .  
2	The first political policy reproductions begin  -  The Guardian :  MEPs tighten up data privacy rules in wake of .  .  .  
2	Fun day today hosting the Reading Repair Café at the hackspace ,  fixed many broken things for all sorts of people . 
2	 @ KoopaGreen for some reason I expected this to turn in to a Pokémon reference . 
2	Nailed it . 
2	Braid :  Imposibru ! 
2	screen to tmux :  A Humble Quick - start Guide 
2	 " Faster and safer than typing a password .  "   -  This can not POSSIBLY be serious .  
2	 @ haswalt  @ robertbelgrave  @ phil _ bennett anyone who wants a game is welcome any time  :  ) 
2	 " The archives are so complex and so deep and so shocking ,  that I think the most shocking and significant .  .  .  "  
2	I posted a new photo to Facebook 
2	This Aerobics Video Wins Everything 
2	Security Now episode 418 :  considering PGP  -  I listened to this episode of security now on the way too and .  .  .  
2	 @ haswalt indeed stack exchange is a good example
2	 @ NetworkString  @ wright _ s the interesting thing about this is the intention is to use it as single factor ,  doing away with anything else
2	Video :  Why Archer is what you should be watching in January 
2	 " If you have someone following you while shopping youd consider it intrusive ,  why is it different when its electronic ?  "   # LINX83
2	Well  @ Specy909 is eating fruit .  In other news ,  weather report for Hell shows snow !  
2	 @ haswalt what do you want ? 
2	 @ haswalt or actually I could go during day one day next week if you want to join ? 
2	Theme Hospital on Mac OS X 
2	iOS 7 Notifications  +  Pebble SDK 2 . 0  -  When we first envisioned Pebble ,  our goal was to deliver a truly .  .  .  
2	Our Logo Looks Like Underpants :  A Case Study in Internationalization 
2	 @ RobertBelgrave  @ rightnowio _ feed  @ specy909 its that big
2	This scene is the moment when Lost got truly brilliant 
2	Photo :  Currently printing a Weighted Companion Cube on my newly assembled 3D printer  :  )  
2	F - Secure Launches A Dropbox For the Dark Web And A VPN That Could Erase Content Borders Everywhere 
2	The frustrating fallout of years if political spin ,  hype media and poor education in public affairs  -  My .  .  .  
2	200 miles to the mall  # OrganTrail
2	I posted a new photo to Facebook 
2	Catalog Advertises NSA Toolbox 
2	 @ HarryFord no so much of a team ,  more a rag tag bunch of vets  :  )  no website or page ,  just a group for when we organise games . 
2	 @ markhouchin indeed ,  actually really like it ! 
2	 @ TashaKateCooper no denial though  ;  ) 
2	 @ TashaKateCooper youre a midget gem
2	 @ TVRRUG what is the groups opinion on the best quality PLA and ABS sources ? 
2	 @ sydlawrence  @ twilio  @ jamesrossell perfect ,  exactly what hes looking for .  Thanks ! 
2	 @ HarryFord you are also substantially more gucci than us  ;  ) 
2	 @ haswalt ah ok couldnt tell !  Well Ill next be in position to use it on weds ,  do you want to drop a part off with me ? 
2	UN envoy shocked by UKs unacceptable persecution of The Guardian over Snowden leaks 
2	 @ choult  @ DataSift  @ NetworkString pulsant ? 
2	iOS7  & gt ;  Settings  & gt ;  General  & gt ;  Accessibility  & gt ;  Reduce Motion  -  Vast improvement in speed ,  response and battery
2	Failed miserably to get my  @ Yubico Yubikey NEO to talk Mifare this evening .  Some trick Im not aware of ? 
2	 @ choult pressure here has dropped 4 hPa in the last hour  ( 
2	Video :  X - MEN :  Newer ,  Grittier ,  Deeper .  Also ,  it had been at least a month since Adagio in D Minor was used .  .  .  
2	Small things add up  -  moot :  …even small changes that result in savings are worth investigating… Old lesson ,  .  .  .  
2	In case there was any doubt that I was a massive nerd .  .  .   -  Here is my weather station ,  built this weekend .  .  .  
2	Oh no !  One of my trees has blown over ,  and its a big one  :  ( 
2	 @ SGgrc have you seen Knock to Unlock ?  Is this a joke ?  !  
2	A  ( Relatively Easy To Understand )  Primer on Elliptic Curve Cryptography 
2	3D Hubs  -  This is a brilliant idea !  
2	A week as an Amazon drone  -  What does life look like working in an Amazon fulfilment centre for a week ?  .  .  .  
2	 @ mnh808 teach me to type on the iPhone  ;  ) 
2	 @ KoopaGreen my bet is 3 separate dispatch locations because I placed 3 orders the other day separately and they came in the same box . 
2	 @ wearefarm  @ wirehive I concentrate better with a finger in my ear  :  ) 
2	Encountered a website running in Delphi .  I dont even .  .  .  . 
2	Hey  @ sydlawrence would  @ twilio be interested in supplying SMS to a Search  & amp ;  Rescue charity ?   @ jamesrossell is looking . 
2	Upgraded to Maverick .  Nothing broke ! ¯ \  _  ( ツ )  _  / ¯
2	I posted a new photo to Facebook 
2	 @ haswalt think of a plain text email editor
2	Ten Steps You Can Take Right Now Against Internet Surveillance  -  Courtesy of the EFF .  All basic and .  .  .  
2	Photo :  Science Division  :  )  Print definition is improving every time I tweak something !  
2	Man vs .  Machine Entropy  -  Apparently this little game is supposed to demonstrate that machines will guess .  .  .  
2	Siri on IOS seven is significantly better than iOS six . 
2	MariaDB 10 . 0 Beta launched – an important milestone  -  Yep .  Standard in 3 months .  
2	 @ choult there must be libraries that convert rich text to plain text nicely ,  as things like Mailchimp do it for you
2	 @ orcare  ( as Im not a web guy ,  this is me learning  : D  ) 
2	Photo :  Home .  
2	Knock to Unlock  -  The worst thing Ive seen this year .  
2	 @ HarryFord job done
2	Entire public affairs section of  # LINX83 meeting given over to Snowden revelations and implications .  I approve . 
2	 @ HarryFord failing to find you on FB atm !  come and add me :  
2	 @ haswalt when ? 
2	“ @ TadleyWeather :  21 : 59 BST :  Forecast for the next 12 hours :  Rain at times ,  very unsettled”  & lt ;  soon .  .  . 
2	Russell Brand calls for political revolution  -  He makes a good point ,  but I don’t think we are close to the .  .  .  
2	Photo :  The Hipster Logo Design Guide .   ( via Justin Pirie )  
2	 " Happy birthday ARPANET  -  first UCLA to SRI message sent this day in 1969  :  -  )  Many packets have .  .  .  "  
2	 @ orcare Indeed ,  interested to see myself !  Just chucked in a load of gauges and Beaufort measurement  :  ) 
2	Video :  Test engraving before doing the tablet 
2	Star Command :  Now on Android  -  One of the best games I’ve played on iOS ,  and best of all it doesn’t have any .  .  .  
2	How Washington Post users are changing their Internet habits to avoid NSA snooping 
2	 @ haswalt off terminology .  plain text ,  not rich or html .  to be able to line wrap nicely ,  insert bullets ,  tabulation ,  and similar . 
2	 @ NetworkString You should take  @ choult to a proper DC next time  ;  ) 
2	Good evening of Thai and Gelato with Chloe ,  Andrew ,  Claire  & amp ;  Rachel
2	Lip Sync Battle with Joseph Gordon Levitt ,  Stephen Merchant and Jimmy Fallon  -  Brilliant .  
2	Petrol  & amp ;  Diesel price war starts today !  
2	 @ NetworkString meh Willy takes forever to mark something as  " stable "  ,  its more than good enough as is !  there are huge names on it
2	Please ,  PLEASE ,  Skype .  .  .  Dont kill our apps and headsets ,  plead devs 
2	cmder  |  Console Emulator  -  cmder is software package that provides great console experience even on Windows .  .  .  
2	Photo :  Securing Windows Network Services 
2	Photo :  Rachel complained she wanted an iPhone stand in the kitchen for reading recipes ,  so I’m printing her .  .  .  
2	 @ haswalt that looks like paint or transfer ? 
2	HAProxy 1 . 5 - dev20  -  New release of HAProxy today ,  possibly the most significant in over a year 
2	 @ davidchannon I suspect its because the guy is also a journalist
2	If you fancy a new laptop bag ,  I suspect that this is a pricing typo and you should totally order it right now 
2	 @ lisapinto1 the hardcore social media campaign strategy works then ! 
2	Does anyone know of a JS WYSIWYG text editor for working unjust plain text ,  not rich text or html ? 
2	Thin servers with smart pipes 
2	Oooo a new X game 
2	 @ haswalt  @ jamesrossell knew wed lost one ! 
2	 @ haswalt kinda yeah but end goal is to generate nice plain text not to be rerendered
2	 @ Clive _ Stone85 Ill be there with  @ jamesrossell and  @ Specy909
2	 @ HarryFord Here :  
2	 @ haswalt yes
2	GRCs  |  SQRL Secure QR Login    -  SQRL Secure QR Login SQRL  -  The future of secure authentication ?  I think .  .  .  
2	On Hacking MicroSD Cards  -  Interesting source of cheap embedded micro controllers ?  You can do plenty with .  .  .  
2	Video :  The silent salute .  
2	Photoset :  Nailed it .  
2	And here it is ,  the scariest malware you’ll find 
2	Delivery for Mr .  Rajab  -  Love the idea !  Shame nothing interesting will likely happen though .  Live tracking a .  .  .  
2	 @ RobAshton maybe if theyve reduced the difficulty from  " Wall "  to  " Asian "  ? 
