0.5	 @ btsport btfail
0.5	 @ PointandStare yes youre In at number two
0.5	Has Capoue signed for Spurs ?  Cant find positive confirmation . 
0.5	 @ miss _ fox Are you still using your FF email address ?  Ill drop you a line . 
0.5	Some realistic observations about marketing .  .  .   -  … fromBootstrap Marketing .   Certainly no punches pulled .  .  .  .  
0.5	 @ btcare Unable to report phone line fault on your website ,  which wont respond .  What now ? 
0.5	 @ angelmarketeer  Thats not good .  Usually  @ britishgashelp can sort things out .  Im surprised at such poor service . 
0.5	Business Stationery ?  500 of each :  Letterhead ;  Compliment slip  & amp ;  Business card .  Only £104  + VAT .  Free shipping .   
0.5	You couldnt make it up ,  could you ?  :  
0.5	RT  @ TamsenGarrie :  I thought you were buying it !  Lol x & gt ;   One day  @ tamsengarrie is going to buy me a coffee .   & gt ;  & gt ;  This conversation is doomed ! 
0.5	Ross Business Lunch Club Christmas meeting on 20th December .  Always good to see the usual suspects when theres a glass of wine available . 
0.5	 @ BTCare Thanks for prompt response .  Very impressive ! 
0.5	 @ VisitRossOnWye  @ aaclean Does this mean we wont see Councillor Atkinson that evening ? 
0.5	Free Fries in Ross on Wye  -  Pan Pizza of Ross on Wye are giving free fries with every pizza on Tuesdays and .  .  .  
0.5	How many years has the clock in Ross on Wye been wound up without problems ?  Now in 2012 ,  elf and safety strike  -  and were all timeless . 
0.5	Beware of dangerous clock !  !  ROSS TODAY  |  NEWS  |  Clock winder needed  |  2012 
0.5	Free Fries in Ross on Wye  -  panpizzaross :  Pan Pizza of Ross on Wye are giving free fries with every pizza on … 
0.5	 @ angelmarketeer   Why not ask  4Networking forum about advice for compensation .   50k members on there  -  so bound to be some legal brains . 
0.5	RT  @ tamwithaplan :  New bookmarks have arrived thanks to  @ ColourSells Printing  
0.5	RT  @ JBURNS999 :  Mark Cavendish .  National champion .  Superb !   # winner  .  Very popular with UK bikies
0.5	 @ LeeEdge  @ angelmarketeer  Not gold ?  Subtle use of gold foil can turn an ordinary business card into an outstanding one . 
0.5	Free Pizza in Ross on Wye today .   See 
0.5	Im working on a new menu layout for a Gurka restaurant . Owner speaks reasonable English and tells me that once he prepared a menu that  .  .  . 
0.5	At least Cycling brings it out in the open and tries to tackle the problem .  :  
0.5	 @ Brendan _ QuinnUk  thanks for the mention ,  Brendan . 
0.5	Pan Pizza Ross on Wye offering free garlic bread  -  panpizzaross :  See their website 
0.5	Photo :  Temptation not far away  -  another winning recipe from GoodyGoodyCupcake 
0.5	Looking forward to getting 2 pizzas for the price of one at Pan Pizza ,  Ross on Wye tonight .   
0.5	RT  @ richardjeaton :  How many times in last 2 years you thought about quitting ?   # 4N 
0.5	RT  @ ClearBooks :  Happy birthday to us !  
0.5	Pleased to learn that my listing in Bestof Forest of Dean has been updated by Martin Firman .  :  
0.5	Rounded corners on business cards really do give a crisp clean look .  :  
0.5	 @ BBCSport Many questions to answer re Livestrong as well .  
0.5	Have just noticed Rebecca Cox has got a new website .  Great photography in Forest of Dean .   
0.5	Thanks  @ mangoink  for sorting out  a problem that no - one else could solve .  Great graphic designers .  Even  @ angelmarketeer  was impressed . 
0.5	Just downloaded Flexo Contour ,  a free font from Durotype .  DL link :   
0.5	More good news  -  I can get myself a free T shirt from Clearbooks if I sing their praises in public .  I often do that behind the scenes ,   .  .  . 
0.5	Tour de France speeds not increasing ?   -  iscaweb :  Very interesting data  -  what’s your summary ? 
0.5	 @ WeAreFunkyFresh Thank you for your kind words  -  I knew deep down that you really can be quite sensible at times . 
0.5	Just seen Phil Kiernans new brochure for Farmers Boy Inn .  Hes pleased with it  -   & amp ;  so am I .  :  
0.5	Socialba !   (  publish sync  )  connected successfully !  :  
0.5	Cycling lovers wont lose any sleep over this .  .   -  
0.5	 @ MonmouthBestOf  Regret unable to attend your Breakfast meeting .  Good luck with it though . 
0.5	 @ miss _ fox  @ EmilyBlondie Why does  @ MikeyPalmer not fancy a bit of brightness in his life ? 
0.5	Armstrong is charged over doping 
0.5	 @ WeAreFunkyFresh Has FF been hiding ?  Have you suddenly resurrected it ?  Or have I been missing something ? 
0.5	Cyclings doping problem has spread  -  Perhaps Cycling isnt all that bad after all .  At least the sport has at… 
0.5	Another nice review for ISCAweb  -  
0.5	 @ angelmarketeer  I thought  @ britishgas were supposed to be there yesterday .  Didnt realise it was today . 
0.5	Come  # Morrisons Ross on Wye  -  surely you can open more tills and stop ludicrous queues like you had this morning .  Poor management . 
0.5	Are Arriva running Club 55 this autumn ? 
0.5	Only half an hour left to get your free Pizza from Pan Pizza Ross on Wye .   
0.5	RT  @ Pro _ Cycling :  Legal challenge to Swiss Cycling’s nomination of McQuaid for UCI presidential role 
0.5	RT  @ miss _ fox :  Good news  @ ColourSells !   @ EmilyBlondies biz cards arrived today ,  she says theyre brilliant quality and is very pleased ! 
0.5	Now even book readers get stuck into Lance Armstrong .   -  
0.5	Battling technology when trying to get some work done before early bed isnt helping my stress levels ! 
0.5	RT  @ ColourSells :  You couldnt make it up ,  could you ?  :  
0.5	 @ fmuamba Good luck for the future  -  from a long standing Spurs fan . 
0.5	RT  @ ZoeSonsino :  Off to the Forest of dean .  Any recommendations ?   & gt ;  & gt ;  Clearwell Caves are well worth a visit . 
0.5	Best news so far today is that Clearbooks have said :  A well deserved t shirt is on its way to you .    Will it impress the people of R .  .  . 
0.5	 @ BBCSport What has Phil Liggett got to say about it .  Did the UKs leading cycling presenter have no knowledge ?  No wonder hes hiding . 
0.5	Please enlighten me  @ MacManDevon   -  what is spotcolor if its not a spot of colour ?  Surely nothing to do with your beloved Mac computers ? 
0.5	iscaweb :  Had a great weekend mooching around Llangollen area with youngest son and his family .  Clambered up t… 
0.5	Great customer service from Natalie from BT Ross on Wye .  My phones working again !   @ BTcare take note . 
0.5	 @ angelmarketeer   I see youve had a response from  @ britishgashelp   Thats more like them .  Please let me know how you get on . 
0.5	 @ angelmarketeer  Sorry you had to miss important meeting today .  Everything OK ? 
0.5	Evernote users warned  -   # Evernote says security has been breached by hackers .  Asks all users to reset .  .  .  
0.5	 @ officestuff Thank you for the recommendation  :  ) 
0.5	Is anyone else in Ross on Wye suffering from very slow / erratic broadband today ? 
0.5	Whatever were they thinking ?  Monumental PR disaster . 
0.5	Have just sent a message to a client ,  trying to set an appointment ,  saying  " Im very flexible when it comes to earning money .   Philoso .  .  . 
0.5	 @ miss _ fox  Sorry to hear youre feeling rough .  Bad language on twitter isnt good ,  though .  Get well soon . 
0.5	One day  @ tamsengarrie is going to buy me a coffee .  How do I know ?  Because she told me so . 
0.5	 @ TheNickElston A pleasure Nick . 
0.5	What a difference a good flight crew can make .  We flew with  # Monarch Airlines last week and had a super crew on the way out .  Yesterday  .  .  . 
0.5	 @ miss _ fox  @ emilyblondie Yes  -  I meant spot varnish .  Its getting late for me to be thinking straight .  The result can be really effective . 
0.5	They took long enough about it ,  but got there in the end .  Dont lets forget the brave testimony from many years back of Emma O Reilly ,  .  .  . 
0.5	Hearing Voices ?   -  iscaweb :  Voices .  This morning at the CAP Networking Group in Coleford ,  Pauline Masters made… 
0.5	Newport v Grimsby 
0.5	Its free Pizza night again at Pan Pizza Ross on Wye .   
0.5	Will IscaWeb fill a gap ?   
0.5	 @ officialgtfc  @ NewportCounty A really generous message from Grimsby .  Shows class
0.5	Not long until Ross Business Lunch Club Christmas gathering .  Will our leader be dressed in red ?  Will the rain have stopped by then ? 
0.5	 @ miss _ fox Thanks Liz .  Had already spotted it . 
0.5	Pan Pizza in Ross on Wye have another money saving offer tonight .   
0.5	Missed your free pizza from Pan Pizza Ross on Wye ?   -  panpizzaross :  If you missed the chance to get a free piz… 
0.5	RT  @ Cyclingnewsfeed :  Breaking  - Hincapie ,  Leipheimer ,  Vande Velde ,  Zabriskie ,  Vaughters give evidence against Armstrong :  
0.5	Are there any Pick your own fruit farms near Ross on Wye ? 
0.5	Visit Ross on Wye ,  where time stands still .  At least on the market hall clock it does . 
0.5	Are there any debt collectors in Kidwelly that can help me with a small oustanding debt ? 
0.5	Anybody got ideas why my Waze satnav has suddenly gone mad ?  Ive been using Waze on my Iphone for about 3 months without any problems .   .  .  . 
0.5	Pan Pizza Ross on Wye offering free garlic bread  -  See their website 
0.5	Excellent service from DPD Couriers today .  Most helpful driver made at least 4 or 5 phone calls .  All ended happily .  First class result . 
0.5	 @ CathyPresland Glad to hear some progress after poor initial response .  Ive always found  @ BTCare to be most helpful .  Keep us informed . 
0.5	RT  @ Pro _ Cycling :  Museeuw admits doping was ‘part of daily life’ when he raced 
0.5	RT  @ emilyblondie :  My business cards have arrived this morning absolutely made up there fab !  thanks  @ ColourSells  /  A happy customer ,  we like ! 
0.5	England football manager berates referee after the game .  Just how much good does he think that will achieve ?  I bet all the Sunday local .  .  . 
0.5	Just downloaded Flexo Contour ,  a free font from Durotype .  DL link :   
0.5	 @ angelmarketeer Thanks for the coffee .  I needed it  -  your constant stream of ideas makes my brain hurt .  All very positive though . 
0.5	Photo :  This is the wrong time of the year to be reminiscing about our time in Florida .  We used to pop down .  .  .  
0.5	Another stage win for Cav  -  
0.5	 @ CathyPresland  -  did BT fix your ongoing problem ? 
0.5	Forest of Dean  -  Man versus Food  -  what a challenge !  :  
0.5	RT  @ davidhulme17 :   @ angelmarketeer  @ ColourSells Quality ,  style ,  design .  /  What design aspects do you like ? 
0.5	My old American friend has been allowed out for a few days ,  and hes off helping local businesses in Fort Myers .  :  
0.5	Thanks  @ ClearBooks  for prompt response to my cry for help . 
0.5	Well done Nike for taking the right decision .  Shame they had to be nudged in the right direction though .  Suppose they were conned like  .  .  . 
0.5	Its Monday again  -  free pizza tonight from 
0.5	Ex team mate of Lance Armstrong spills the beans .    :  
0.5	Promotional + Clothing 
0.5	Armstrong goes back under a stone  -  Hardly a surprise  -  and this is the guy who believes the world will .  .  .  
0.5	Web Design 
0.5	Ive registered at Bizcrowd .  Find out more at 
0.5	Burger Gate !  
0.5	Sweep sweeps the board  -  iscaweb :  I’ve just learned that Andy Pattullo from the Forest of Dean has been .  .  .  
0.5	 @ Trufflesdeli  Ross on Wye .   Many thanks  -  now I remember where it is . 
0.5	pan pizza
0.5	Ross Regatta 2013 
0.5	Why are the papers suddenly changing their tune about Lance Armstrong ?  They should have done more to nail him sooner .  
0.5	RT  @ miss _ fox :   @ ColourSells  @ emilyblondie Is it the varnish stuff !  Learnt how on my course ,  go me !  !  Yes  -  spot varnish .  Mastered ID yet ? 
0.5	RT  @ SSbike :  Pat McQuaid defeated 91 to 74 in Cycling Ireland EGM about nomination  -  details here 
0.5	Whoopee !  Another one in the bag for cyclist Mark Cavendish . Cavendish  ( SKY )  wins the 5th stage of the Giro dItalia  # giro
0.5	Cyclings doping problem has spread  -  iscaweb :  Perhaps Cycling isn’t all that bad after all .  At least the spo… 
0.5	Just a test .  .  .  
0.5	Why not let the South Wales Argus know .   Theyll be all over it like a dose of salts . 
0.5	 @ PointandStare Yes .  Yes .  Yes .  Because theres a huge demand for low cost good quality products . 
0.5	RT  @ ColourSells :  RT  @ miss _ fox :   @ EmilyBlondies biz cards arrived today ;  theyre brilliant .  & gt ;  & gt ;  Why not use spot colour next time ?  Brillianter ! 
0.5	New Street Ross on Wye nicely re - surfaced last Wednesday .  Yesterday ,  theyre digging new holes in it . 
0.5	Countrymans Comment :  Live Animal Exports  -  not - in - this - farmers - name :  The transportation of live animals .  .  .  
0.5	 @ BBCSport Oh ,  so hes definitely going ,  is he ? 
0.5	Ross on Wye doesnt appear to have changed much over the years .  
0.5	Great chance for Forest of Dean businesses to get free advice .  
0.5	Tour de France speeds not increasing ?   -  Very interesting data  -  whats your summary ?  
0.5	Manx Missile does it again !  RT  @ TeleCycling :  Mark Cavendish claims first GC title of career at four day Ster ZLM Toer 
0.5	 @ BBCSport How can Brailsford and Yates be shocked at Armstrong news ?  Everyone involved in the sport has known all about it for years . 
0.5	What do you look for in a business card ,  and what do you notice first when given one ? 
0.5	 @ BTCare  Hi Colm .  Thanks again for your assistance in sorting out the problem .  Life is back to normal now .  Well ,  as normal as Ill ever be ! 
0.5	 @ BTCare I certainly will .  Youve helped me solve problems in the past ,  so youre definitely on my contact list . 
0.5	 @ 10Yetis I had similar prob with Santander .  It was on my monthly statement
0.5	RT  @ DragonflyWye :  Ross road closures postponed by one week 
0.5	RT  @ Newport _ County :  Newport boss Justin Edinburgh wins manager of month award 
0.5	Again I ask the question :  Why do we need traffic wardens in Ross on Wye walking about in pairs ?  Sacking one of them would save money . 
0.5	Sweep sweeps the board  -  I’ve just learned that Andy Pattullo from the Forest of Dean has been voted the .  .  .  
0.5	RT  @ tourdefrancenow :  News :  Tour de France 2012 schedule and route :  Liege to Paris ,  June 30  .  .  .  
0.5	RT  @ TamsenGarrie :   @ ColourSells never !   Coffee will be on me x   Ill be patient ! 
0.5	Free fries with any Pizza tonight at Pan Pizza Ross on Wye .  See 
0.5	 @ ollyculverhouse  @ TheNickElston  @ markbrimson  Many thanks . 
0.5	 @ angelmarketeer  Suggest you ask  @ britishgashelp if you can claim loss of earnings for today .  Seems theyve really hung you out to dry ! 
0.5	 @ DanceStephen Hi Steve .  Congrats on County appointment .  Remember me ?  I used to coach you at LLanyrafon youth with Doug P . 
0.5	Photo :  John Tiley from Cindeford produces some stunning images .  
0.5	 @ AnnaMeares   You deserve it .  Enjoy ! 
0.5	Mark Clattenburg and Chelsea .   Has anyone heard what are the views of The Society for White Lawyers in this case ? 
0.5	Although they seem to have been around for ever ,  postcards are still a great way to keep in touch with customers  -  or to promote a new  .  .  . 
0.5	Had the misfortune last week to lose a suitcase when travelling on National Express Coaches .  Dreaded having to contact their support pe .  .  . 
0.5	Brailsford says Armstrong  case is  " shocking ,  jaw dropping and very unpleasant "   .  Wheres he been these last 10 years ?  All bikies knew . 
0.5	 @ markbonn1982 Thanks for the mention Mark .  Hope theyre working for you . 
0.5	RT  @ wegelius :  Feel terrible .  Accidentally sunk my dogs favorite ball in the lake .   & gt ;  & gt ;  Poor dog .  You should dive for it . 
0.5	Colour Business Cards ,  Postcards  & amp ;  Flyers .  Need any ?  Sure you do !  Everybody in business needs an attractive Business Card to create  .  .  . 
0.5	Town clock scuppered by elfnsafety . 
0.5	Details of stopped clock in Ross on Wye are here :  
0.5	Lance Armstrong :  the most sophisticated ,  professionalised and successful doping programme ever seen .  Alex Dowsett says it doesnt matter . 
0.5	Hi ColitaFrom my experience its well worth persevering with Google plus .  It doesnt have so many Im in Tescos posts  -  and really .  .  . 
0.5	 @ BBCSport  @ GBarlowOfficial Good BBC Olympic coverage ?  You obviously didnt see cycling road race . 
