2	And all the cheese 
2	Just bought all the meat for Christmas 
2	 # noLaurie who is this idiotic socialist that knows nothing of economics
2	 # yesoliver absolutely right ! 
2	Im playing this creative game called Draw a  # stickman Epic 
2	eww drinking warm cider is like drinking piss
2	If governments cant even give away money effectively then why do we trust them with anything
2	Whom so ever invented leggings deserves some sort of medal
2	 @ Conservatives Why cant you no be more libertarian ?  ?  ? 
2	 # HS2 if railways were still profitable then private enterprise would build them . 
2	if Im allowed to call the French frogs then why cant I call the Spanish dagos ?   : P
2	Hi phone reset so text me with names thanks
2	 @ Dilpreetuhh I can assure you I am alive and well
2	Just noticed that Andrew Marr links remarkably like gollum
2	Balloons are delicious
2	 @  _ dis0BEY fair enough Id hate to do that every day
2	 @  _ dis0BEY like 1 carriage away not that far why were you on that train anyway ? 
2	 @  _ dis0BEY I take great offence to the fact that you didnt come sit with us on the train
2	Benefit scrounging gutter monkeys
2	 @  _ dis0BEY where do you want to meet at 1 ? 
2	 @  _ dis0BEY  oh so not fun Im sorry I cant keep you company
2	 @  _ dis0BEY I know just ignore him and only between 1 and 2 really
2	 @  _ dis0BEY ouch again try not to sit any where he can find you but ill be around later to protect you again  : P
2	 @  _ dis0BEY not until about 11 45 you ? 
2	 @  _ dis0BEY weirdo ,  do you respond to any of his texts ? 
2	 @  _ dis0BEY i told you  you shouldnt have given him your real number
2	 @  _ dis0BEY at college talked to by creepy foreigner rescued by me  : P xxx
2	 @ CarlshRodway Im good thanks thats a good film and Im just playing guitar xxx
2	 @ CarlshRodway hi its jeremy how are you ?  you up to much ?  xxx
2	Just heard theres a peer in the lords called lady hater .  .  .  . 
2	Is it just ne or do all Italian names sound like they should be a type of food
2	Badger penis
2	So dad got a new phone downloaded angry birds and has just proclaimed himself angry birds god  # firstworldproblem
2	Im being nibbled to death by cats
2	 " Dont let your money go down the socialist drain vote conservative "  best conservative slogan
2	 @ JSalisburyJones its fine he found something else to watch rather quickly
2	Watching embarrassing bodies in HD with my dad  # awkward
2	I swear I just hear theres an independent peer called lady Alone .  .  .  .  . 
2	the good thing about science is that even if you dont believe it its true
2	When Jeremy Kyle is off sick what tv show does he watch ? 
2	 " fuck the fuck off "  probably my favorite quote ever
2	Ugh why is geography work so boring  :  ( 
2	Hitler gold fish
2	Dont flatulance on my chair
2	You breed with the mouth of a goat
2	Syphilitic zombie
2	I just came to say hello
2	Big fat gypsy weddings
2	Munchkin anal hair
2	Melted sandwich
2	Humdinger
2	Tactical estimate
2	Panda orgy
2	An earl grey socialist
2	 @ FlibbleSlade does that include bank holidays ? 
2	well thats the fridges stocked for Christmas and the next year apparently
2	In Soviet Russia music shits on Justin Bieber
2	I wonder how the world would be different if the whole continent of africa was upside down ? 
2	roses are redviolets are blueIve got a knifeGet in the van . 
2	my cousin is a meerkat of strange angles
2	my genitals are jam .  .  .  Salisbury flavoured jam
2	GREEN CODE DU ROI JACKET
2	Santas left nipple
2	a man so distinguished even his name took 20 mins to say
2	Ive just realised that Lord Voldemort would sound so much more threatening if he spoke in a German accent
2	Drink drink fan fan rub rub
2	well to be perfectly honest i was rather disappointed with that harry potter film
2	High velocity concrete condom
2	Sideways tongue
2	gay entourage  ! 
2	i like turtles
2	just had to delete 3132 messages form my inbox on my phone because it ran out of memory
2	My cat just got inside my underwear draw bloody pervert
2	i am unpredictable but you have o predict what im going to do ,  thus making me predictable
2	Because winter hates your face
2	im having an argument on facebook about would win in a fight dumbledore or gandolf ,  i believe gandof could destroy dumbledore
2	Sitting in IT listening to system of a down after my 4th and final exam this week
2	Just got twitter on my mobile just checking its working
2	Just connected twitter to my facebook profile yay happy face
2	just sat down in geography and started clapping lol
2	has just wonder what it would be like to lick a cuttle fish  : P
