1	madvocate :  copequinn :  people who are gay can be assholes people with eating disorders can be assholes .  .  .  
1	Photo :  inbetweenthelineart :  sonybaloney :  … .  . i really thought I couldn’t get any more done with this shit I .  .  .  
1	Photo :  bridgioto :  I have a dream and that dream is that Anna from Frozen is chubby .  Seriously  -  Disney .  .  .  
1	Anonymous asked :  Donna stutters and demonstrates an inability to speak clearly .  Were told that the .  .  .  
1	John Green  -  yourfaveisproblematic :  EDIT :  John Green addressed  ( parts of )  this post here and here Commented .  .  .  
1	Anonymous asked :  Donnas not in the position to make that decision ,  is she ?  Shes cant be said to be in .  .  .  
1	I hope Im wrong ,  but I think my tonsils are giving me issues again .   :  / 
1	Photoset :   
1	tomscatterhorn :  Frozen literally took customs and clothing from the indigenous Sami people of Scandinavia .  .  .  
1	Hah assholes calling the real - life Travers a slut .  Like the movie didnt insult her enough without you adding to it . 
1	flash - thunder :  Women make up 45 %  of the gaming community and 0 %  of the protagonists of the 25 biggest games .  .  .  
1	Photoset :  daftwithoneshoe :  lizthefangirl :  justanotherdayinlife :  lesbiansandthelivingdead :  dontbearuiner :  .  .  .  
1	Photoset :   
1	supergirl22593 :  anathebutterfly :  certifiedsidekick :  Do you think people ever use Demo Reel against Doug ?  .  .  .  
1	This is how it always works :  they force you to repeat your point over and over and then they claim youre too worked up about it . 
1	2014 is already testing my optimism . 
1	 " As a queer ,  you read into texts .  You hope that something is gay .  Like you hope someone is .  .  .  .  "  
1	Sherlock ,  maybe if you werent so queerbaity to begin with ,  you wouldnt feel the need to mock shippers . 
1	 @ ViraGunn Youre lovely and you dont ruin anything .  Im sure everyone will understand .   * hugs a lot * 
1	Overheard :  white people on tumblr :   * reblogs creepshots of asian girls ,  creates memes about strict asian .  .  .  
1	Audio :  touchmishaswormstache :  Oh ,  Carlos texted .  
1	I sure love seeing non - consensual kissing pop up on my dash without warning . 
1	Photo :   
1	 @ CyTheSomething Tis fine love ,  paranoia makes one stupid . 
1	 @ CyTheSomething I heard !   * runs and hides * 
1	 @ CyTheSomething Ah !  Ignore me ,  I was worried for a second .   & lt ; 3
1	 @ CyTheSomething I cant crawl for that long . 
1	Photo :   
1	Photo :   
1	If Im grumpy please dont call me  " cute "  or  " hot "  .  I want my annoyance to be taken seriously . 
1	 @ anathebutterfly then why ana - cake sad ? 
1	 @ anathebutterfly is the editorial really that awful ?   :  ( 
1	 " I really love the new images of Carlos that look a little more like me ,  but also…I’ll tell you one .  .  .  "  
1	Photoset :  inbetweenthelineart :  bobbypontillas :  egipciaca :   " Let It Go "  animation process  ( ❄ )  .  Storyboards by .  .  .  
1	lizzingwithlemon asked :  Could you explain whats the issue with macklemore ?  
1	Photo :   
1	Photo :  bonnyanne :  snowqueenelsa :  Spring ,  Summer ,  Autumn and Winter represented by the Princesses  ( and a .  .  .  
1	 @ keevacaereni Thanks .   : 3 Im usually fine and preachy with this stuff but yget moments of uncertainty . 
1	Slap me ,  but people who hate Moffat women ,  you okay with me relating / identifying with Amy and River right ? 
1	Photo :  masterarrowhead :  Still working on classwork for today otherwise I would clean this up and stuff ,  but .  .  .  
1	Anonymous asked :  i dont hate you for liking Moffat ,  but you have to at least admit that Amy River and .  .  .  
1	Photoset :  hollyjollyespeon :  why does everyone in this movie have the same fucking face 
1	Can I not be a uselessly disabled basement dweller when Im halfway to 50 in less than a year please . 
1	Seeing a thing that makes you burn with rage as soon as you were settled in for sleep :   & gt ;  .  & lt ; 
1	 @ anathebutterfly My dad still cancels care appointments for me if Im feeling too bad .  More common than you think . 
1	2014 is hopeless for it already ,  but how awesome would it be if ,  in 2015 ,  there was no mention of Man Of Steel or any sequels ? 
1	 @ Overactor Much more entertaining ,  much less  ( god I hope so )  of a classist douchebag .   ^  -  ^ 
1	Photo :  pinkdisney :  xxgeekpr0nxx :  Sith Elsa :  the Disney Star Wars Princess series by Ralph Sevelius .  I’m .  .  .  
1	anathebutterfly :  You know those posts are like “be nice to everyone !  hate only promotes hate” ?  They come up .  .  .  
1	Benedict Cumberbatch  -  yourfaveisproblematic :   ( With help from alltheladiesyouhate and .  .  .  
1	 " Benedict Cumberbatch is the best actor in the United Kingdom "  .  Please tell me this isnt a common opinion . 
1	 " A List of “Men’s Rights” Issues That Feminism Is Already Working On Feminists do not want you to lose .  .  .  "  
1	thefourteenthdoctor :  quilladin :   " Steven Moffat doesn’t care about canon and continuity "   * Makes Big Finish .  .  .  
1	Photoset :  kingcheddarxvii :  If you’re making a comic about social justice on tumblr and it looks like this ,  .  .  .  
1	Photoset :  marriagehoney :  Some common Moffat misconceptions  ( 1 /  ?  )   -  “Amy ,  River and Clara’s life revolve .  .  .  
1	Photo :   
1	Photoset :  give me a movie about THIS 
1	Photoset :   [ x ]  From Rachel Tietz’s video The Notebook Sucks 
1	Photo :   
1	Does anyone even remember the Harlem Shake thing now ? 
1	 " oh man i have this blacklisted maybe i should click it and make sure i REALLY hate it "   -  me being a .  .  .  
1	Demo Reel  -  Lost in Translation  ( Bromance Version )   -  hellyeahdemoreel :  A touching romance…of sorts .  One .  .  .  
1	Photo :  sherlockssecondfavouriteblogger :  frau - haile :  snowyenjolras :  are you fucking kidding me right now ?  .  .  .  
1	blackpaws :  too much disney apologist shit floating around please accept that disney movies are 90 %  white as .  .  .  
1	babyyouasong :  your tags are supposed to be used to organize your blog but i use mine to release my inner .  .  .  
1	Photoset :  feralchildofflames :  birdsy - purplefishes :  nabulos :  dewogong :  Flame Princess Abilities  -  Vault of .  .  .  
1	Mocking someones depression  * will *  make me want to castrate you ,  dont doubt me . 
1	 @ anathebutterfly Join the club with  @ CyTheSomething . 
1	Photoset :  “He hugs everybody ,  he says hello to everybody ,  he remembers the name of everybody’s kids .  He’s .  .  .  
1	anathebutterfly asked :  Adventure Time ?  
1	Give me a fandom and Ill tell you  -  Favorite Male Character Favorite Female Character Character I .  .  .  
1	queenofsummers :   [ rolls eyes at every frozen post admiring its “”great” story and “”quality”” animation and .  .  .  
1	 @ CyTheSomething Speaking of ,  may I ask advice in DM ? 
1	Photo :  death - limes :  asideofsmiles :  cryptworksexual :  thomas - tom - daley :  Whoa this deserve a reblog Ily  " i’m .  .  .  
1	willowtheadvisor :  maybe we wouldn’t try to ‘make everything queer’ if there was good queer representation .  .  .  
1	queersasha :  a post by a straight person saying ‘how can anyone hate the gays they’re so adorable !  ! ” .  .  .  
1	kittyphoe :  What satire is :  Pointing out the ridiculous nature of oppressive systems by using humour .  What .  .  .  
1	I do love racist sexist homophobic ableist white pretty boys being called  " rays of sunshine "  just because they did a nice speech . 
1	Overheard :  majority :   * oppresses minority for hundreds or thousands of years *  majority :   * literally kills ,  .  .  .  
1	bluechirri :  there are literally people on tumblr who describe themselves as proud neo - nazi white .  .  .  
1	For all the women I have loved who were dragged through the mud  -  aiffe :  I’ve read a lot of great essays .  .  .  
1	Able - bodied people how do your hands not die when you hold vibrating things ? 
1	Photoset :  authorman94 :  allisbornagain :  missdoodle :  accio - ass - butts :  i’ll link the sources later but you can .  .  .  
1	Immature I realize ,  but if youre a guy who bashes Powerpuff Girls I dont much like you . 
1	I never thought Id ask for more SJ on my dash but please . 
1	theroguefeminist :   " don’t fight hate with hate "  translation :  i’d rather you continue to be hated and suffer .  .  .  
1	Overheard :  what they say :  Its just the internet !  !  Dont take it seriously !  what they mean :  I really love .  .  .  
1	komaedas :  people are arguing against oppressed people rising up and getting angry by saying “don’t fight .  .  .  
1	sassycybermen :  “I’m a woman and I’m not offended by this ,  clearly it isn’t sexist ! ” wow I didn’t realise .  .  .  
1	themaraudersaredead :  How to Turn All Your Essays into Feminist Rants No Matter the Subject Matter :  An .  .  .  
1	I need horror fic that isnt my own before I start stabbing people . 
1	berksome :  IS THERE EVER THAT ONE CHARACTER  THAT HAS NOTHING  BUT DESERVES EVERYTHING  AND YOU JUST WANT TO .  .  .  
1	 @ anathebutterfly Im trash and Ill probably get punished but may I see you at 10 ?  Im so tired it hurts . 
1	 @ anathebutterfly I feel like I did at Review Must Go On .   :  ( 
1	 * sobs pathetically * 
1	Demo Reel  -  The Blair Witch Hangover  -  hellyeahdemoreel :  Ghosts ,  mafia ,  and people missing .  Typical Irish .  .  .  
1	Anonymous asked :  Thanks for putting up with me .   - unnoun 
1	Cant even escape ableism on Christmas then ?  Kay . 
1	Anonymous asked :  Youre fucking amazing .  
1	Anonymous asked :  Hope all is going well for you .  Have a great day !   :  )  
1	Anonymous asked :  I have never met you ,  and only really know you from internet stuff .  From there ,  I have .  .  .  
1	REBLOG IF YOU WANT  ( 1 )  SWEET MESSAGE .  
1	womantic :  psa :  feminazi is a fucking disgusting term that compares fighting for women’s rights to .  .  .  
1	I cant remember the last time Ive felt this Christmas - sad .   :  / 
1	Photoset :  hellyeahdemoreel :  Mod Ana apologizes .  She couldn’t resist this meme .  
1	traceexcalibur :  well it looks like we can’t make jokes anymore ,  NO jokes allowed ,  I can’t even make a “why .  .  .  
1	Photo :  asoftertgwtg :  The mods want to momentarily take a pause in requests to appreciate Rachel Tietz .  This .  .  .  
1	 " Among my male and female friends ,  there are a few who are of either a completely Uranian  [ transgender ]  .  .  .  "  
1	morethanprinceofcats :  fuckcisplaining :  I will never trust any ‘ally’ who talks about how we “need” them .  .  .  
1	kawaiipeculier :   " lol i dont get why social justice warriors are so mean "  have u ever considered that most .  .  .  
1	planet - express - inc :  andro - saurus :  kanyewesticle :  The best thing about 2013 is that it’s over in a week was .  .  .  
1	 @ Shadow _ Novax I look forward to it !   : 3
1	 @ Shadow _ Novax Ive got Malcolms devil ,  but Im mostly working on giving Evilina some damn agency ,  hes kinda minor in comparison . 
1	I cant help it ,  anyone who thinks the friendzone actually exists just fascinates me . 
1	Anonymous asked :  The Nostalgia Critic is genderfluid but his depression makes him overcompensates in the .  .  .  
1	 @ ViraGunn 
1	sackofloveandwater :  wingsandtails :  bluandorange :  the more I work on this the more upset I get at the utter .  .  .  
1	 " My message for female fans is ,  part of me doesn’t actually believe that there are male and female .  .  .  "  
1	Photo :  howteamunitednerdsstolechristmas :  stevenuniversesu :   " There will be more FP stories ,  she’s an awesome .  .  .  
1	 @ Shadow _ Novax My bb is going to be 10 , 000 words of a certain someone in hell so go for it . 
1	anathebutterfly asked :  Still a small fandom but these are all from the web - series Demo Reel :  Donnie Dupre .  .  .  
1	sackofloveandwater :  Okay another thing that’s been bothering me about frozen THE UTTER LACK OF TEXTURE Read .  .  .  
1	sackofloveandwater :  I just realized Evil feminine boyfriend is pretty much the apex of Frozen’s themes ,  .  .  .  
1	I love idiot boys decreeing that the word  " sexist "  is too strong and shouldnt be used .   # andbyloveimeanloathe
1	Someone needs to make Plot - Hole fake nails .  Think about it ,  dark blue base ,  the plot - hole in the middle and .  .  .  
1	 " I do agree in that people use words like misogynist and racist far to liberally on the internet .  "  says the white boy on the interwebs . 
1	Photoset :  hellyeahdemoreel :  Earlier it was announced that Rachel Tietz is leaving Channel Awesome .  The mods .  .  .  
1	ursulatheseabitchh :  I think the moment I realized how terrible much of the Disney fandom can truly be was .  .  .  
1	 -  takes shots at them at the same time .  "  EXPLAIN TO ME HOW THATS CHARMING FANBOY . 
1	 " Well ,  I think that’s part of the charm of NC’s character :  the fact that he advocates his real beliefs on treatment of women ,  and yet - 
1	Photoset :  kristen stewart  & amp ;  feminism I want to marry this women and bear her pale children .  
1	Photo :  shroom1up :  tgwtgsecrets :  I mean he still occasionally does decent work with his videos ,  but after .  .  .  
1	Dear everyone who isnt a cishet guy ,  sexism is harmless .  Dudebro told me .  Have a nice day ! 
1	I can deal with a lot of things ,  but  " your argument is worthless when I view you as angry "  is not one of them . 
1	 @ YvannaIrie being feminazis and just need to deal with what men think .  Tell you what assholes ,  Ill stab you in the brain instead . 
1	 @ YvannaIrie Its the usual .  Men telling women who have actually listened to you know who telling everyone he wants to offend that theyre - 
1	Misandry feelings .  .  .  rising .  .  . 
1	Im trying to find an eloquent way of saying that I really fucking hate someone ,  but all I have is that shes a racist sexist twat . 
1	Photoset :  jolly - old - owlgoggles20 :  I never realized that splitting / destroying food could potentially be .  .  .  
1	Dear folks with mental illness ,   -  genderbitch :  ashesnoir :  genderbitch :  Please stop asking people why they .  .  .  
1	Photoset :   # WHAT IS THIS FROM   Ten Things I Hate About You !  
1	Bitterness  -  tgwtgsecrets :  Sometimes when watching new episodes of Nostalgia Critic ,  or some vlog posts ,  .  .  .  
1	Photo :  tgwtgsecrets :  I can’t remember what Nostalgia Critic review it was ,  but I recall  a video where Doug .  .  .  
1	alexandraskingston :  River Song refuses to travel with the Doctor .  River Song refuses to be his permanent .  .  .  
1	Photo :  waltdisneyconfessions :  “Little disappoints me more than how hard the Disney fandom will fight to .  .  .  
1	marriagehoney :  nextstop—everywhere :  donnanobles :  remember when doctor who was a show about ordinary people .  .  .  
1	 @ ViraGunn Right ?  Aside from the angst and cool characters ,  parts of it are a lot funnier than people give it credit for . 
1	Photoset :  spicyshimmy :  things i thought i knew about star trek vs things that are actually true about star .  .  .  
1	rutaskadis :  one of the worst things about becoming educated on social issues is when people are like ‘you .  .  .  
1	Photoset :  missdoodle :  accio - ass - butts :  i’ll link the sources later but you can literally find these by .  .  .  
1	revelationdis :  Princess Bubblegum is evil .  I take back everything I said about her being morally ambiguous .  .  .  .  
1	brute - reason :  Me :  “I really don’t like it when people do X or say Y . ” You :   * does X or says Y *  “LOLOLOL” Not .  .  .  
1	If you claim to be a feminist but call others  " feminazis "  ,  then good chance you arent much of a feminist . 
1	So if you mention any sexual thing for these people ,  youre a slut who should be destroyed .  Did we time travel to puritan era while I slept ? 
1	Anonymous asked :  Hello !  I was looking through your blog and I found a lot of posts on new - Critics material .  .  .  
1	 @ YvannaIrie That was indeed on my mind ,  but I was a good girl and said my only requirement was for him to be nice . 
1	 " What would you like Doug to say / do in your small video ?  "  Youre killing me here . 
1	 @ aliensnipehuntr One with tiny arms ? 
1	Photo :  tgwtgsecrets :  I never used to mind when Doug made little jokes at the expense of his fans ,  .  .  .  
1	youarefuckingmajestic :  REMEMBER ,  IF YOU’RE NOT GOING TO BE LEAVING THE HOUSE THERE IS ABSOLUTELY NO REASON .  .  .  
1	I want to steal a neurotypical brain for a day just so I can find out how they view the world . 
1	Photo :  Oh dear it’s pretty .  
1	bluandorange :  oh wow this sure is a lot of interesting design information about Frozen When I saw the .  .  .  
1	rad - and - broke :  MRAs ,  which are usually white middle class men ,  love to complain about false rape .  .  .  
1	Reality :  kills people for not liking what he does ,  prompt :   " nothing but cutesy "   # gimmethemeatdamnit
1	 @ ThatAuntZelda  @ CyTheSomething Give you the male / male version of Lost In Translation anyday right ?   ;  ) 
1	 @ CyTheSomething  @ anathebutterfly If one had good arm control ,  couldnt they paddle with both at the same time ? 
1	 @ CyTheSomething  @ anathebutterfly Ah ,  I admit to Twi having a cooler cutie mark ,  so left . 
1	 @ CyTheSomething  @ anathebutterfly Ah but Rarity looks hotter with her hair down / wet .   # dunjudgeme
1	 @ CyTheSomething Rarity .  Partly because of fan - dumb and my confusion over how a cartoon pony can get slut shamed . 
1	lagiaconde :  jaimie foxx wears a trayvon martin shirt to the BET awards .  the headlines :  macklemore mentions .  .  .  
1	out - there - on - the - maroon :  riribelle :  adventuresofcomicbookgirl :  themetaisawesome :  adventuresofcomicbookgirl :  .  .  .  
1	 @ CyTheSomething And ,  like ,  thinking about what you say !  Who wants that ? 
1	Heres a thought ,  instead of whining about how everything you say will get someone offended ,  how about just working on not being a dickhole ? 
1	 @ Diamandahagan  @ RachelTietz 
1	I will rain hell down on Virgin . 
1	Photoset :  dignified - and - old :  lokishappysolstice :   " Would you rather go on a date with a dwarf ,  a hobbit or .  .  .  
1	 " the Disney Princesses are a very racially diverse group to begin with "   * snort *   * giggle *   * dies * 
1	YOU NEED TO FIND THE SERVER SO I CAN SMACK DOWN OPPRESSION
1	So connection issues are going to be a nightly thing again ?  A +  ,  Virgin . 
1	inbetweenthelineart :  huntokar :  stupidjerkward :  celebreceipts :   [ Martin Freeman in an interview for The .  .  .  
1	Audio :  cythesomething :  andlemmekisslou :  soliloq - uy :  sakibatch :  rawritsmeep :  cheapbeeer :  i feel it in my .  .  .  
1	On that note ,  raw onion is of the devil . 
1	Pretentious athiests make my skin crawl just as much as haughty christians . 
1	Photoset :  racattackforce :  adriofthedead :  graphiteknight :  “I want people to know that ,  if I do things ,  if… .  .  .  
1	liesthepatriarchytoldme :  the patriarchy told me that women / mothers are nothing but nurturing and loving and .  .  .  
1	 @ anathebutterfly Ill be there a little late ,  the CFS is kicking me and the editorial sounds deathly dull . 
1	Photo :  pandadistractions :  finnthehuuman :  clairetube :  adventuretimepokemontime :  voice actor of finn draws .  .  .  
1	steveholtvstheuniverse :  milkymonster replied to your post :  So ,  Frozen got an 88 %  on rotten tomatoes .  How .  .  .  
1	 @ RachelTietz Sorry to bother ,  but I just heard from Brians FB that you were leaving TGWTG .  Just wanted to say I loved Rebecca and good luck
1	 @ TracyMatava But that means I have to go to Chicago .  0 :  )  How would a chainsaw ever get past security ?   ( god Im just kidding anyone watching ) 
1	Do the internet connection gods take dudebro sacrifices ? 
1	An Explanation of Queer - Baiting and Why its a Problem  -  zemmer :  In this context ,  I am using the word .  .  .  
1	terezipyroope :   " not everything has to be gay "  not everything has to be straight either but that doesn’t .  .  .  
1	archgayngel :  shoutout to all the disabled queers out there ,  who struggle with a world that doesn’t wish to .  .  .  
1	Photo :  Watching the shit out of this .  
1	 " Moran may have wanted to tease the creative team :  but Johnlock is no joking matter to Sherlock fandom .  .  .  .  "  
1	Anonymous asked :  So ,  what do you think all these lessons that Magic Man is teaching Finn will amount to ?  .  .  .  
