2	Holy fuck Suarez is just unstoppable .  Incredible player
2	 @ EllaOakley86 yeaaahhhhhh mate .  Well I will be in like an hour
2	Weekend in broxbourne .  Nice
2	Im selling a drop dead vest on eBay and its currently going for more than I got it for like 5 years ago .  Ha
2	I cant believe people actually like Dr .  Who
2	 @ Jazzleberry I was bar man at a birthday party and mrs Williamson from farnborough hill was there !  She says hello
2	Listen to Common
2	 @ Wilmanator128 yeah man free on Monday .  Hangs ? 
2	Having a serious wardrobe clear out .  Feels well good but I have no money to buy any new clobber  :  ( 
2	Jammin with the lil homie 
2	 @ LarryWSU oi are you gonna be at the boiler room in Guildford on the 30th ? 
2	I was gutted cos I wanted to play Sunday league football .  Instead I got fat for Jesus
2	I remember when I had to go to church on Sunday morning .  Fuck
2	Ive started reading world war z and I immediately feel the need to buy the walking dead on blu ray and start playing the last of us
2	 @ georgiawoolford squash ,  haze its all tasty  # lemz
2	 @ georgiawoolford yeah Im feeling alright .  I cant drink alcohol tho haha .  Till the second week of December .  Bring lemon
2	 @ georgiawoolford mmmm troo .  My dad knows a guy whos daughter works for O2 venues actually .  Ill enquire . 
2	 @ georgiawoolford Birmingham still had standing tix like a week later  :  (  ah well .  Too many people like him ha . 
2	 @ georgiawoolford did you sleep in ?  If you did Ill never forgive you haha
2	 @ georgiawoolford haha ok .  Ill investigate .  Also did you get drake tix ?   # sillyquestion
2	Im having a mid 20s crisis !  I would go buy a sports car but Ive no money .  The downward spiral continues .  .  . 
2	I am fuckin miserable at the moment .  Well emo
2	 @ Wilmanator128 man I wanna but my bank account is empty  :  (  wahhhhhhh
2	 @ Wilmanator128 yeah man .  Just waiting for a lift innit x
2	Anyone playing cod ghosts on ps3 ?  Add me :  dunkindrublic
2	The maps on ghosts are so fucking massive
2	Time to boss the multiplayer
2	The campaign on ghosts is a joke .  What is the fucking point ?  Completed it in like 4 hours
2	 @ Wilmanator128 yeah man this is raju the tortoise who lives at my hostel in jaisalmer .  Ive also met a pet monkey 
2	 @ georgiawoolford just wake up hahaha
2	Fuck how nang is mata
2	Argh the channel showing the Chelsea game is fucked .  I gather mata has started though which makes me haps .  I dont even support them  # mata
2	I have medically overdosed on paracetamol .  Call birdman
2	 @ M1chaelLeonard Im not gonna go clubbing but I am gonna drink whiskey and do prescription only muscle relaxants
2	 @ M1chaelLeonard yeah man .  Till tomorrow
2	Just bought a beautiful chilum for a quid .  Shame Delhi weed is the worst
2	 @ Wilmanator128 the trip is good man .  Ive seen beautiful lakes and temples and mountains and country side and the Ganges and lots of poo
2	Need me clothes to hurry up and dry so I can go eat 
2	Got a mad craving for warm rice pudding and jam
2	 @ danbratton stuff the mattress
2	Lou Bega is another Lou worth a mention
2	Just are an Indian KFC .  Its better than the Indian mcdonalds .   # cultured
2	The clocks dont change in India
2	They should do a Grand Theft Auto :  Delhi
2	The spurs match is live on Indian TV later !  Ganges boat trip in a bit as well .  Sunday funday
2	Do UFC fighters get to pick their own entry music ?  If they do they are all mugs  # dontfightme
2	 @ Rosieeer its well good !  Im not as tanned as I want to be yet though haha
2	 @ MikeDuce  @ JamesHadouken come to Delhi whilst youre there and sink some cobras
2	Aint got a fancy house ,  dont wear a lot of gold ,  the only ice Ive got on me keeps my gin cold
2	Or are any London pals about this afternoon ? 
2	Is anybody bored and fancy going to London in a couple of hours ?  Need to go pick up my visa .  Sucks going alone
2	So much bad tailoring on homes under the hammer
2	 @ JmeBBK chrome doesnt want me to full screen 
2	 @ Eddylta is it fright night ? 
2	new uncle pain episode !  gonna go bun one real quick then enjoy
2	breaking down a fresh eighth ,  smells like lemon drizzle cake
2	The only thing more shit than premature Xmas decorations is people moaning about them on the Internet .  Its the same every year .  Fuck you
2	Asneeze ! 
2	The mirrors image tells me its home time
2	Made a mad spicy pizza last night and this morning it is  # pain
2	Nobody ever talks about clipse .  They are fucking unbelievable . 
2	Need a new Clipse album
2	Need to go to Sainsburys and get GTA .  Need to consume fluids .  Need a spliff .  Needy need need
2	Ive gone fucked up the  # base big time .  Fucking hagover  # notypo
2	I need a zoot but its wet  :  ( 
2	 @ LuluMcArdle exactly !  Me you Becky and 2 others .  Whats Morgan saying ?  ? 
2	Its on now thats why Im tweeting
2	EAT .  SLEEP .  RAVE .  REPEAT  @ Rosieeer  @ Jazzleberry  @ Dmannnn  @ sophia _ morero  @ DaveNewman _   I think I was with you lot .  Love you anyway
2	 @ beckiiii yeah thats easy shit .  Im a lone runner too tho .  There have got to be more .   @ LuluMcArdle dont you run now ? 
2	Gonna go get GTA at midnight .  Anyone wanna get involved ?  Aldershot tescos
2	 @ beckiiii yeah ok . 
2	Jeremy irons is a fucking don ! 
2	 @ Rosieeer  @ anna _ hodson92  @ Jazzleberry yes !  So haps you reminded me of that haha
2	 @ Rosieeer gesundheit
2	new flatbush zombies mixtape is deep
2	Spoke too soon .  Its gone tits up
2	Ah its a happy ending on catfish .  Hooray
2	 @ Baz _  yes
2	 @ Baz _  cos he does loads for up and coming hip hop .  He sounds like a fool but the guys a legend man
2	fingers crossed today the haze is comin to aldershot !  ! 
2	also just finished the new QOTSA album and im sad its over
2	just got a bestival 2014 ticket .  mad impulsive personality strikes again  # partyon
2	had a night of amazing dreams but now its morning and im lonely
2	giving  .  .  . Like Clockwork a first listen .  bosh
2	anyone keen to go see Drenge in reading on tuesday night ? 
2	the additional content on the rudimental cd is pissing me off .  i didnt think bands did that anymore
2	I wanna be at carnaby street for the GQ shopping event  :  ( 
2	 @ michael _ traher oh haha .  in that case ill enquire
2	 @ Rosieeer Arabella is my favourite track i think .  at the moment anyway
2	just went to look at when im due an upgrade and its today !  i wish the new iphone was out now
2	sad i missed bondax
2	 @ Rosieeer uh oh
2	just got in from work to find ive got a brand new mattress and duvet covers .  so so haps ! 
2	Bestival was just so good !  Reminded me Ive got loads of amazing friends .  Gotta make the effort ! 
2	 @ thisiskaity youre playin black ops 2 on ps3 ?  ?  add me !  !  !  dunkindrublic
2	i just want a fucking cuddle
2	The arses on the ferry are making me well up  # bootytears
2	 @ EmmmaKirton I do actually !  Haha he came in the other day and I thought about it ! 
2	 @ georgiemay89 are you goin bestival Georgie ? 
2	I hope some of the shit I read on fb and here is meant ironically .  Jesus
2	3 - 1 spurs is my prediction
2	time for a spot of black ops .  psn :  dunkindrublic
2	 @ Adamface1 india for 3 months
2	im back in january anyway so fuck that .  loads of cold left
2	got to somehow squeeze in wearing a cable knit jumper before going away .  gonna miss that
2	Smashed out 12k like a badman
2	 @ danbratton my mate from work plays for them too !  Haha
2	Rep the ting
2	 @ MikeDuce I have those orange ones ! 
2	 @ Baz _  where from ? 
2	basically all ive decided is im wearing leggings
2	fuckinell i dunno what to dress up as for bestival . 
2	why is there so much bum touching in sport ? 
2	drippy
2	i am so fucking sweaty
2	im talkin about me not the retard
2	so it turns out ive been making fun of somebody with mental disabilities .  what a cunt
2	 @ Jadepez goin on the thursday morning .  set me your digitz or whatever and well slop
2	 @ ChrisJamesWatts pure gold
2	tent sorted for bestival .  peng tings form an orderly queue and dont trip on the guy ropes
2	Although bestival and Paris is before that .  Sick
2	Booked jabs .  Just got to sort visa and I can just chill till October 7th .  Hurry the fuck up
2	 @ thenickhouse it is
2	i just wanna thank  @ hayleymartine and  @ michael _ traher for introducing me to extreme couponing .  i tell everyone about it now haha
2	I run faster listening to mstrkrft
2	Whyd you only call me when youre high ?  is a fucking brilliant song .  Arctic Monkeys just cant be bad ever
2	Take on the twisters is an hilariously stupid game show
2	 @ Wilmanator128 nahhhhh haha just stripping the beds .  It sucked ha
2	Helping out with housekeeping and changing all the tv channels to either babe station or 1xtra well loud
2	Whenever I go to play black ops there is a mad long update .  Cant even be fucked to play now
2	 @ M1chaelLeonard Ive never had it but I want it ha
2	Anyone vibing carnival on Monday ?  I wanna drink Guinness punch
2	 @ hellodannidyer did he suck ? 
2	Fools * 
2	Also there is an only tools and horses film ?  What the hell
2	I have just learnt that there is no pharmacological reason not to drink on antibiotics
2	“ @ Fearnecotton :  Lemon and goji berry short bread 💫 
2	I ate far too much last night .  Proper fucked up now  # base
2	5 - 0 wooo
2	 @ hellodannidyer see you there for zoots
2	some of the presenters for Vice come across like dumb cunts .  I like Thomas tho
2	My bestival ticket came !  Yes !  !  ! 
2	Just watched the conjuring .  My jaw hurts from clenching my teeth .  Absolutely terrifying
2	Fuckinell somebody is in my seat .  Keepin quiet for now but if I get moved Im gonna get Muay Thai
2	eaten half a pizza .  naughty
2	robson green is such a cunt
2	 @ EmmmaKirton ah no way thats so sad  :  (  bummer
2	Working with the bride of chucky and I feel like bill oddie .   # wedgeywatch
2	Some woman wanted her breakfast in her room cos shes diseased .  Fuck that
2	theres a podcast called the ocarina of grime .  thats cool
2	ive become obsessed with itunes again .  dangerous to my bank account !  somone gimme vouchers
2	 @ Jadepez not what i imagined .  but fucking brilliant
2	 @ Jadepez im watching a place beyond the pines right now .  its amazing
2	im not talking about fit healthy muscley people .  im talking about busting out of your tapout shirt ,  unnatural looking types
2	people who go mental in the gym and get tonk rarely seem to have good fashion sense or hair . 
2	gonna start a band called Osmosis and the Semi Permeable Membranes
2	i let the dogs go out to the toilet and theyve abused my trust by barking at pedestrians .  never again
2	 @ hollyadderley  @ SarahElnagy sounds like rafiki saville ! 
2	fucking hell its so shit not making music
2	 # kryptic
2	if i had a girlfriend who looked disabled in every picture i would just stop posting pics of her
2	im excited anyway .  been waiting years for this
2	or does nobody listen to OF anymore ? 
2	what the fuck ?  !  Doris has been out on itunes since august 12th !  argh has nobody mentioned it .  is it shit ? 
2	Shes got antennas !  Roachy
2	 @ SarahElnagy the two toads coming up after the break look incredible
2	 @ SarahElnagy arghhhhh hes such a wasteman !  15 blokes !  !  What is he doing haha
2	The baby is called Danny - John hahahaha
2	I love my winning formula
2	Bizzle on jezza k cheated with 15 dudes and bobby still wants her !  Fuckinell
2	Havent been for a run since Friday .  Train to brookwood it is !   # tarmactearup
