2	Discover on Three :  Cash in on your old smartphone .   -  
2	Discover on Three :  Six ways to celebrate Safer Internet Day .   -  
2	Discover on Three :  Six tips for a more secure password .   -  
2	bonbonbonbons ! 
2	Discover on Three :  Our top seven essential apps .   -  
2	Putting the kettle on . 
2	Trying to eat tepid porridge .   Dont like eating in the office . 
2	Zero attention span . 
2	Back from conference in Brighton .   Glad weather stayed nice .   Stunned by fast train  -  Victoria - Brighton in just over an hour . 
2	Wondering why I bother .   Again . 
2	 @ thoughtfarmer i agree with  @ trib ,  excellent ! 
2	It was time .  .  . 
2	Trying to think of a punny headline .   Hungary ,  fmcg ,  filming ,  cereal .   Its not happening . 
2	Guerilla bubbles !  Gotta get me some stickers :  
2	Like the new eurostar search by fare option .   Fed up with sncf - voyages .   Funny how sites can undergo such dramatic role reversal . 
2	Thinking about online communities .   Can you make them ,  con you control them ,  are they useful ?   any thoughts / linkys ? 
2	Excuse me ,  lets stop the meeting ,  I need to organise my social life . 
2	SO TIRED .   AGHHH .   Bed . 
2	 @ samismail How exciting .   Live on the edge . 
2	2am home time .  .  .  should really go to bed soon .   Most boring dinner ever ,  eating it is sending me to sleep . 
2	 @ hobart65 im intrigued  -  linky ? 
2	ecstatic that  @ ePrize is now following me . 
2	 @ klepas  * looking forward *  to Wolverhampton ?   What are you doing there ? 
2	Listening to Jason Mrazs Casa Nova sessions  -  highly recommended if you like acoustic guitar . 
2	 @ griner Thats quite nice actually .   I mean ,  that he cares about what you think / write out of work environment ,  not that hes a stalker . 
2	 @ griner Your boss reads your blog ? 
2	dont really use twitter any more .  Just another thing to sap my energy ,  no ? 
2	 @ samismail never tried mountain dew ,  whats it like ?   sleep would be lovely but may have to settle for water and oj .  .  . 
2	the does not follow you .  Send follow the to request . 
2	Looking at eurostar fares . 
2	 @ kk ask her what next ?   how to follow such a massive character ? 
2	Wishing everyone a happy bastille day . 
2	Clearly been culled by followers . 
2	I could murder another baked potato . 
2	 @ americopywriter Its worth it .   Good for personal projects too .  Or pay me to do it !   :  ) 
2	 @ samismail I was trying !   Im thinking too much .   Need to go for a long bike ride and just beat it out . 
2	wondering :  baked potato or sandwich ?  or soup ?  wallowing in self pity . 
2	Wordling :  
2	 @ ThinGuy flitter ?  twickr ? 
2	In Toronto .   Maaaassive apartment .   Just for little old me . 
2	 @ thegirlriot if I was 23 back then maybe I would have liked it more .  .  .  I think were a product of whats going on in culture at the time . 
2	In bed ,  writing scripts ,  pfffhahaaa i hate time zones . 
2	Two bedrooms ,  two bathrooms ,  kitchen ,  lounge ,  mirrored walls .   Feels like a waste to be here on my own . 
2	Pimping 
2	 @ griner from what I heard when I was trying to decide wordpress has better stat info .   But you cant add on much in WP ,  not v customisable . 
2	SO excited about Paris on Friday .   Making a list of places to go . 
2	 @ jasonjarrett Thank you thank you .  I will have a pain au chocolat for you ! 
2	 @ NathanaelB thanks for tweeting the link ,  I like it ! 
2	There is no baked in Beanz . 
2	Totally impressed with my garageband creation . 
2	 @ dearjanesample haha love it ! 
2	Clearly not going to Paris this weekend any more . 
2	 @ GordonM Yes but so many people think its right .  .  . 
2	 @ thegirlriot when you have hundreds of the things .  .  .  they are just ugly .   dusty .   and its not good to keep making STUFF  ( eco hat on ) 
2	Brainhacking at  # aea 
2	 @ klepas egg ,  bleurghhh
2	Glad I didnt get any of the marketing jobs i applied for .   Met glum - looking marketing assistants today ,  treated like glorified secretaries . 
2	 @ jasonjarrett Im glad my colleages dont follow me / fb me / email me outside of work .  Bad enough them knowing snippets from my private life . 
2	 @ lachlanhardy Same as me !  A5 ?  A6 ?  wireless keyboard is so much less noisy isnt it ?   Makes typing almost pleasurable . 
2	Karaoke time in the office .   Far too early . 
2	oh ill ,  ill . 
2	 @ andrewpascoe Liked that google vid . 
2	 @ jasonjarrett I knowwww !  I lived there for a year ,  thats why Im so excited to be going back  :  ) 
2	Deep breath .   Toronto tomorrow .   Plane food better be good ,  the smallest thing may just push me over the edge . 
2	Looking at 
2	 @ charlesfrith Wow thats awesome ,  what was it ,  fiiireworks ? 
2	Suffering terrible house music ,  I am outnumbered . 
2	 @ philmang Oh absolutely ,  I can never send DMs either ,  and this is the first time in days I havent seen the whale ! 
2	Need to get the energy back for it .   wallowing a bit .  appreciating the inspiration but my minds not taking it on board yet . 
2	 " The ham sandwich would have beaten all of them .  " 
2	Listening to Paramore and Im back on beach road in Melbourne ,  running faster than the rush hour traffic as the sun sets into the sea .  .  . 
2	Why is there no shortcut for flatten image ? 
2	oh ,  this is what its all about ,  translating 500 word email into spanish
2	 " tweeting is cheating !  " 
2	 @ WillHughes oh is it ?   Well I am cheap so no chance of that ! 
2	At least Canadians are a bit quieter than Americans . 
2	 @ Bjamoliver ah yes ?   sauna would work too then ?   heh there is a sauna downstairs I cant quite get over how plush this place is . 
2	I wonder :  can I still speak Spanish a year after finals ?  Will find out very soon .  .  . 
2	Oh ,  oh ,  so incredibly frustrated .   I am always the last to know . 
2	Wondering why I bother . 
2	 @ thegirlriot my sister mainly ,  shes more plugged into new music than me .   Then friends ,  music i hear round their houses ,  in their cars etc . 
2	 @ neilperkin Hey ,  loved your social media preso ,  really really good . 
2	YSL dead ?   :  ( 
2	Creative pep talk ,  oh . 
2	 @ mousewords check the permissions  -  you need to set it to anyone can edit
2	 @ samismail Dubai ,  wow ,  doing what kind of work .  .  ? 
2	Ever fancy a curry but worry that you will blow all your POINTS values on the naan bread and poppadoms ?  PPFT
2	 @ samismail I bet there are lots of pictures ,  no ? 
2	 @ jasonjarrett Aww thanks
2	 @ gregverdino The start confused me  -  why those images ?   But I do like it when the pace picks up ,  after the first ten or so slides . 
2	Moving into a new flat in six days ,  so excited . 
2	Been writing in my moleskine all day .   Need more coloured pens ,  its looking too blue . 
2	Trying to be microscopically more positive .  .  .  convinced the gloom of constant pessimism is whats made me ill . 
2	 @ trib Do you get lots of hits through twitter then ?   Thinking I should start tweeting my blog posts but cant quite bring myself to do it . 
2	 " Missing you loads "   " I love you "   " Love you too honey "  wtf ,  you will see them in like half an hour when you knock off work . 
2	Waiting for the freeview box to come .   Life is waiting . 
2	 @ samismail how to look busy  -  i have learned and relearned this everywhere Ive worked . 
2	up at ridiculous hour baking / taste testing cookies for egham international regatta . 
2	Actually cant read 
2	I want a Cadbury Flake !   Ooonly the cruuummbliessst flaaakiest chooooclate .  .  .  . 
2	 @ thegirlriot Rely more on peoples recommendations now ,  not the charts .   I just wanted to be cool before ;  to like what I should be liking . 
2	 @ neilperkin  @ davidcushman Im not sold on that presentation ,  i didnt get the connection between all the images and the points he made . 
2	 @ Bjamoliver Wish we had a fruit trolley !  sounds so exciting ! 
2	 @ Bjamoliver ss ? 
2	 @ JasonCalacanis pfft .   Kanye is with it .   I like his blog too . 
2	 @ gapingvoid You know him ?   I am a massive fan ! 
2	 @ meat99 hehe ,  wonderful ,  get the url ! 
2	
2	Magically losing 10 ,  20 ,  30 followers and getting them back .  .  .  twitter what are you doing ? 
2	 @ zeldman Need more mental images like this . 
2	In Mexico ,  feeling better after coffee .   Body clock was turning against me . 
2	Discover on Three :  The future of our network .   -  
2	 @ thegirlriot feel like Ive changed a lot more than the music . 
2	 @ selves 23 .  ahh thank you ,  compliments always good  :  )  This pic is thanks mostly to photoshop though ,  I have the skillz . 
2	 @ lachlanhardy picking up your last few tweets ,  have you got a graphics pad ?   they are wunderbar . 
2	Oh !   We need a graph !   Get me a graph ! 
2	 @ americopywriter Behind the scenes at our last shoot .   oh so fun .   Will send you link when its online if you like . 
2	Ah ,  just went all wobblykins .   Better after baked potato . 
2	 @ xov shepherds warning no ?   ah these intercontinental differences .  .  . 
2	best script ever :  CUT TO PAN ACROSS THREE PACKS IN FOREGROUND ,  CHEF CONTINUES TO RUB FISH IN BACKGROUND
2	Going to kill someone . 
2	Eager to read The Stuff of Thought by Steven Pinker  -  may go out and buy it this lunchtime . 
2	Shivering .   Too bright in here . 
2	 @ zigsbad is you my stalker ?   ;  ) 
2	 @ Bjamoliver yeahhh I know not been on here for ages .  .  .  zero attention span
2	Still got killer headache . 
2	 @ Bjamoliver i wish ! 
2	 @ samismail I knowwww I love the visuals too .  .  . 
2	Cant stop thinking of terrible pea puns . 
2	 @ samismail whyyyy thank you .  Was cannes good to you  ( plural )  ?  have you found all the copywriters you need ? 
2	 @ weskimcom i think thats why Ive drifted .  .  . 
2	 " Even in a fair wind a turkey can fly .  " 
2	 @ PinkCollar even if times are hard telemarketing will make you want to kill yourself . 
2	 @ philmang How come you get to travel so much ? 
2	 @ mikemookie yess exactly what I thought . 
2	Crushed by CD .    " more persuasive ,  more persuasive "   fuck it why not just make the tvc  " buy x buy x buy x buy x "  for 30 seconds then ? 
2	Totally fed up of the internets . 
2	The world is such a small place now .   Watching BBC news 24 and wondering how I ended up here . 
2	 @ Will _ Humphrey You guys lost Stella 4 %  ?   :  ( 
2	 @ klepas Yeah I did in the end ,  but its lovely to be back in England .   Home ! 
2	Subtlely ,  silently ,  looking for a new place .  hushhushhush . 
2	 " The higher the monkey climbs the tree ,  the more you see of its arse .  " 
2	Internet down all morning .   Felt so lost . 
2	Watching old 
2	 @ samismail honestly you dont know how tempted I am !  gaahhhhh
2	Pissed off with Final Cut .   Changing EVERY SHOT to 16 : 9 .   Manually . 
2	 @ bck nothing makes me happy right now ,   =  nothing is worth it ?    / pessimist blog
2	48 hours till new flat time ! 
2	Discover on Three :  What are Operating Systems ?   -  
2	Spoke too soon  -  rainstorm . 
2	 @ jasondoucette yaow ,  you in Toronto ?   You must have been where the crazy clouds were ,  its just drizzling here now . 
2	Anyone seen the ns & i ads ?  
2	Marketeer or marketer ? 
2	 @ Will _ Humphrey Jason Mraz ,  i am recommending him to everyone . 
2	Wondering why my coffee smells like marmite and the fridge smells of beer . 
2	Wondering where all my new followers have come from  :  ) 
2	My Wordle :  
2	Recession in three months ?   " it makes you want to get a job in Dubai and save money "   =  actual quote from colleague
2	Now thats my meh - donners !  
2	Frustrated beyond belief .   Final Cut not behaving .   Twitter not behaving .   World not behaving . 
2	Need to limit my web exploration to coffee hour 9 - 10 .   Getting far too distracted . 
2	Trying to trawl up some inspiration .  five easy ways to help your kids get their five a day .   Kill me now
2	 @ americopywriter  @ thegirlriot I know ,  all that wasted space !   CDs are just a hassle now .   Even cover art doesnt lure me . 
2	 @ Bjamoliver rss ? 
2	 @ JodiHousman howd you think he handled it ? 
2	 * Protected * 
2	Not too sure about plurk .   But am sure it will catch on if it borks less than twitter . 
2	 @ thegirlriot well I dont feel like the same person that listened to blur or oasis or whatever was around a decade ago . 
2	Feeling more human after muffin and coffee . 
2	Wondering what the best way to get to Henley will be . 
2	 @ PinkCollar I had that for three months ,  dont worry ! 
2	so pleased that 4 on demand now works on macs ! 
2	Trying to crush 40mb into 20mb in final cut . 
2	 @ klepas  / recommends my flickr stream
2	Getting more and more irritated by flickrs colour reproduction . 
2	Hard - Fi is on .   Feeling all Paris 2005 .   Funny how music can do that . 
2	 @ GordonM pfft ,  2 hours ?   well at least they made an excuse rather than disappearing on a never ending fag break . 
2	Idly thinking about pay review tomorrow .   Hmmm . 
2	Hope my broadband will be working when I get home  :  / 
2	 @ apelad unstable sandwich  =  does not contain horses ? 
2	I am tweeting from my address bar .  .  .  i love firefox add - ons
2	chuffed that Im getting the 419 bus tonight  -  scammalicious
2	Thinking about trends in uk interactive .   Web designer coming from oz in July / Aug ,  any conferences he can go to / people he can meet ? 
2	Getting back in the loop  -  tell me ,  are there any twitterers I cant live without following ? 
2	 @ weskimcom Lie back and enjoy !   people pay good money for highs like that . 
2	Redundancy time ! 
2	from oz email :   " X will be in late as working in accordance with northern hemisphere hours "   -  because time zones run horizontally ,  of course . 
2	 @ weskimcom ha ha not if I get there first .   you know I think that line may be key to keeping my job . 
2	I LOVE pret .   They are just getting it so right at the moment . 
2	Why do I consistently get emails addressed to Gabby and Gabbie ,  when my email address is Gaby ? 
2	Looking for something to do . 
2	Fancying una caña and some pimientos de padrón .   Oh ,  and some proper sun . 
2	I dont update twitter enough . 
2	Still feel grotty .   Get well quick schemes ? 
2	Just been to Waterstones .   Want so many books .   I wish I could just sit in there on a bean bag and spend all day reading them . 
2	 @ americopywriter Congratulaaaations .  .  . 
2	Frightening sounds .  .  . 
