2	Xbox one back In stock ,  xbox one in my house  :  )  
2	How long till these sell out ?  
2	Wow actually have some ps4s instock 
2	Im a meanie and put cellotape in addled hair . 
2	Great light show going on outside 
2	Lego time 
2	I like tummy bananas .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 
2	Wimbledon  = empty shop
2	Feeling crap  :  ( 
2	Moooooo 
2	Jodie Jackson 
2	Is going to buy Adele a big fat Easter egg coz she is so amazing and Im not buying one for Toni . 
2	And the powers out at the SuperBowl who didnt pay the bill
2	109 yard return wow ! 
2	open office is just plain pants
2	Merry Christmas may your day be merry and full of festive fun  : D
2	Where can I get a Santa hat in skegness hmmmm
2	I posted a new photo to Facebook 
2	I posted a new photo to Facebook 
2	I posted a new photo to Facebook 
2	I have no idea whats going on right now
2	Devon Tread 1 Watch at 
2	Santa booboo by  * lieveheersbeestje on deviantART 
2	 :  (   unhappy
2	So cold
2	Soo hungry McDonalds is so tempting
2	am really not getting on with apple today I pressed backup and itunes decided to wipe my phone  :  ( 
2	Awesome FREE  # Circles icons for iphone by  @ jackietrananh  # iphonetheme  # ipadtheme 
2	So very badly want to be asleep right now  :  ( 
2	Rofl at Idiot abroad 3 !  ! 
2	Anyone up for a cod sesh ? 
2	Anyone for cod ? 
2	Is it time to get rid of the iPhone ?  ?  
2	And so it begins 
2	Bollywood
2	 @ CurrysPCWorldUK  do you know if any stores are going to have a wii u demo set up when its released ? 
2	 @ dixonsseb  @ mobadoo we could go casual apple style with a T - shirt and casual trousers  ? 
2	Can nae sleep  :  ( 
2	soo hungry hope mr McDonald keeps his restaurant open at half 1 in the morning
2	Its 211am and Ive got work at 9 dam it why carnt I sleep
2	At that work at 11oclock ! 
2	 @ dixonsseb How come when I search for karcher on the Currys site I get information but no link to actually buy one ? 
2	Yummmm !  thnx mum
2	Can nae sleep
2	stupid mouse is having a spaz attack grr
2	There is rice under - there I promise 
2	Posh knives and dishwashers dont mix 
2	I posted a new photo to Facebook 
2	Kinda bored
2	I posted a new photo to Facebook 
2	how awesome is this 
2	Go mo
2	Watching the 50k on the telly and wondering why everyones running like they pooped themselves
2	I posted a new photo to Facebook 
2	I posted 21 photos on Facebook in the album  " Andrew and Jodies Wedding day "  
2	Just found a real old camera in the loft where the heck can i get the film processed nowadays ? 
2	if I want a phone without an apple badge what should I get ? 
2	 # toydefense 
2	Ps home  =  fail
2	My GRIFFON - C flying from Manchester to Cordoba in Pocket Planes for iOS !  
2	I could do with owning a shirt right now
2	 @ dixonsseb just watching undercover boss and wondering if anyones thought about doing something similar  ( not necessarily for tv ) 
2	 @ dixonsseb would they not even be interested in supplying to harrods ? 
2	Anyone got a one way ticket out here ? 
2	 @ dixonsseb  would it be a good idea to start selling iPhones in stores seeing as the current apple stuff flys off the shelfs ? 
2	WWDC banner shot betrays iOS 6 debut 
2	Sleep ha whats that
2	 @ dixonsseb starting to see iPad pos systems all over ,  any plans for deployment of something similar in future would save time and space . 
2	 @ dixonsseb does the list off stores that will receive a transformation this year get published ? 
2	Better get the anivirus out more than 600 , 000 Macs infected with Flashback botnet 
2	 # Facejacker just too funny  # zeebox 
2	 @ dixonsseb but how will you know were colleagues ? 
2	 @ iH8sn0w  how comes Microsoft carnt even bundle ie with there os but apple can bundle and lock u into there own app / media store on there os
2	 @ saurik how comes Microsoft cant even bundle ie with there os but apple can bundle and lock u into there own app / media store on theres ? 
2	Best zombie Ive ever seen on  # CSINY  # zeebox 
2	Ive just adopted zeebox as my TV sidekick .  Download the app and lets watch together !  
2	Watching ABC Nightline :  Tue ,  Feb 21 ,  2012 on  @ hulu :  
2	 # bored
2	Microsoft :  comet sold 94 , 000 counterfeit copies of Windows  ( Update :  Comet responds )  
2	Just munched a  @ waze cupcake road goodie worth 2 points ! 
2	Just munched a  @ waze cupcake road goodie worth 2 points ! 
2	Just munched a  @ waze cupcake road goodie worth 2 points ! 
2	Just munched a  @ waze cupcake road goodie worth 2 points ! 
2	 @ O2 did someone forget to tell the stores about the free upgrade from simplicity got two people tied up here in Skeg with the same problem
2	Why doesnt Currys have a app or even a mobile site ? 
2	playing with windows 8 its certainly differnt
2	 @ someevilguy  @ dixonsops collect our wee would have been good to be told that the first time instead off  " will send a guy that never turns up
2	 @ SomeEvilGuy  @ dixonsops had a call from Newark explaining in our area customers want there old products taken away so it hasnt been poss
2	 @ SomeEvilGuy  @ dixonsops Currys2416 - its not like its an isolated incident its everytime our wee containers full and our yards overloaded ! 
2	 @ apsx @ SomeEvilGuy were Currys 2416  -  its not like its an isolated incident its everytime our wee containers full and our yards overloaded ! 
2	 @ dixonsops does anyone care about the weee as after sending numerous emails we are still awaiting a weee collection after over 3 months . 
2	unlimited 3g internet from tomorrow goodbye o2  :  ) 
2	Order your free giffgaff SIM card through my page and get 5 pounds free credit 
2	Managed to use 100mb watching tv think its time to switch to giff gaff
2	Watching tv at the beach 3G is awesome
2	 # sugarcover number 2 just dont like number 1 and number 3 makes you look like a comedian
2	I Want a iPhone
2	Ryan Giggs is suing Twitter .  I cant Imogen why . 
2	Have just played a game Ive just seen on celebrity juice and fell flat on my face
2	 @ dixonsops is there any plans to update open office it seems that more often than not forms designed at home dont show up correctly instore
2	 @ storemedic i understand that but wouldent we simply be able to attach a wireless router with a wpa pass onto the network or am i mistaken
2	 @ djstrobe4real :   @ dixonsops is it possible to get a wifi access installed in legacy stores to help us demo tablets and sell knowhow services ! 
2	I must tell you something .  .  .  .  .  .  .  Your really cool
2	 @ Ginny _ mclean wow a two year old took you  " downtown " 
2	 @ Ginny _ mclean not only can I prove it I can tweet it
2	 @ Ginny _ mclean beat you
2	 @ Ginny _ mclean your bush loves gay rabbit BBC will never be yours
2	 @ Ginny _ mclean I my not have an expensive bush but I do have BBC three !  !  !  !  !  ! 
2	 @ Ginny _ mclean hows your bush
2	 @ Gamedigital any idea when gta 4 complete edition for 360 will be backin stock been to most london and local stores but none has it in stock
2	Takeshi 2012  -  Sign the Petition 
2	Has got Mtn dew
2	Wants some Mtn Dew ! 
2	I have just cast vote number 63 for Skegness on The Race to Infinity website 
2	Im at Tesco  ( Richmond Dr ,  Skegness )  .  
2	Finaly a new phone  :  ) 
2	Im at Tesco  ( Richmond Dr ,  Skegness )  .  
2	I just ousted Nick n .  as the mayor of Tesco on  @ foursquare !  
2	I just unlocked the  " Local "  badge on  @ foursquare !  
2	 @ Gamedigital thanks for the goodies this stuffs awesome carnt wait to get my xbox tomorrow
2	 @ Gamedigital Skegness game didnt open at midnight for xbox although the website said it would  :  (  holiday tomorrow hope theres no shortages
2	“ @ djstrobe4real :  Today I ate some soup” me 2 but the one I had I carnt spell
2	Iron cheff has made me me hungry for curry
2	Dam it why do I have to input my sky in number when Ive totaly disabled perental controls
2	Playin with my new Ipod touch
2	why the hell did i just put lovely ? 
2	waiting for coming of age to come on the telly lovely
2	Disney do cruses why wasent i informed when i was 5 !  ! 
2	just carnt sleep
2	snow again i dont ever remember ever geting this much snow im loving it  : D
2	snow ! 
2	N - dubz !  Ndubz ! 
2	nets curently plodng along at half a meg
2	 :  (  xbox got banned tonight
2	off to birmingham
2	first xbox tweet woop  # xboxtweet
2	Thats a heck of alot of meat
2	Fealing bloted after a dubble wopper from bk
2	its all stupid indie crap
2	when will itunes have a decent free single of the week
2	mystery shopping may be difficult
2	going mystery shopping tonight
2	GOOOOOO England ! 
2	watching paint dry
2	i think my eyes are on fire
2	 @ djstrobe4real u do mean 3am on the 8th right ? 
2	 @ djstrobe4real yeh m8
2	bye bye devon
2	AAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH !  !  !  !  !  ! 
2	what goes through womens heads ? 
2	Went to newkey
2	a flat with tire massive gash called out the aa for the first time
2	Only one day to go and still not been to the beach or swiming
2	in kernow
2	On the road again
2	in traffic on the way back to brxham
2	I went to beer
2	my pastys made me sick
2	The food here is terible
2	going to see the donkeys in exeter
2	why is the signal on a iphone 3gs so crap
2	sent my wii of to live  @ djstrobe4real s
2	wonder who else has been having iphone trubble
2	in lincoln listening to radio 1 its not what it used to be
2	Has just gone on twitter on his phone
2	am playing with harry
2	carnt belive top gears reached the end of the series already
2	stuck with a 54g router
2	nones unlocked bt homehub 2 . 0 yet  :  ( 
2	i know the nights still young but its quite funny to see the vk bus in town even though the clubs are dead
2	Just watched lesbian vampire killers with  @ djstrobe4real great movie loved it
2	geting some rest while harrys sleeping
2	wondering why you would want a desktop client for twitter when its easy enough to go to the website
2	just saw transformers 2 yeah baby
2	ravein
2	wondering what to do as the internets slowed to a crawl
2	watching  @ djstrobe4real shout at battlefied cuz hes got no killz lol
2	carnt wait for his asda curry  : P
2	back in lincoln watching the storm
2	maybe to much
2	thinking calvin harris twitters alot
2	have signed up to the xbox preview thing but havent got gold anymore so not geting my hopes up
2	wanting to go out and do random things but its  " chucking it down " 
2	fealing ill
2	wide awake sunny outside so il stay in  : P
2	fealing tired after running around after harry all day
2	up at 8 to get everything ready for harrys fist birthday
2	having a bedtime chease sandwitch
2	good storm overhead here in skeggy
2	its so hot ! 
2	fealing tired dident get much sleep last night
