1	A brave veteran Olympian has become the oldest man in the country to undergo a bone marrow transplant  -  more at 
1	The aftermath of Christmas  -  read more at 
1	Merry Christmas one and all !  We hope you have a fabulous day ! 
1	Robert Tanitch reviews Martin Scorsese Presents :  World Cinema Foundation Volume One  ( Eureka )   -  more at 
1	The right to die  -  one readers comment at 
1	Over 80 %  of older jobseekers say they missed out on jobs due to ageism  -  read more at 
1	Welly Post takes on Royal Mail  - read more at 
1	Under - performing Green Deal providing cold comfort to older people  -  read more at 
1	Stop privatisation  -  invest in council housing  -  read more at  
1	Weve been very spoilt in the office this week  -  Cadburys have sent us a yummy box of Milk Tray chocs to share !  .  .  .  
1	Did you know you can now get Mature Times on your smartphone or digital tablet every month ?   -  find out more at 
1	Motorists support for speed cameras goes down in 2013  -  read more at 
1	 @ sykescottages how seriously do Sykes Cottages take customer complaints ? 
1	Already thinking about what to do with the leftover turkey ?    Phil Vickery shares the tricks of his trade with .  .  .  
1	Robert Tanitch reviews the latest DVDs just in time for Christmas  -  read more at 
1	What makes parents uncool ?   Find out at  
1	Joyce Glasser reviews Enough Said  -  read more at 
1	Life is for living ,  we say !  Whatever your decision .  But what are you views on tattoos ?  Are they artwork .  .  . or .  .  .  
1	The infamous train robber ,  Ronnie Biggs ,  passed away this morning aged 84 .  Loveable rogue or heartless gangster ?  
1	How you can help combat loneliness in your neighbourhood  -  find out more at 
1	Robert Tanitch reviews the latest DVDs  -  read more at 
1	Win a copy of The Nations Favourite Elvis Songs  -  to enter visit 
1	Ever wondered if it is actually illegal to drive in flip flops or not ?  Perhaps whether having fluffy dice can .  .  .  
1	Robert Tanitch reviews Dickens Abridged at Arts Theatre ,  London ,  W1  -  read more at 
1	Robert Tanitch reviews 12 Angry Men at Garrick Theatre ,  London WC2  -  read more at 
1	‘Retirement glow’ fades after less than a year  -  read more at 
1	50 %  of people contact elderly relatives just once a week  -  read more at 
1	Robert Tanitch reviews Blam !  at Peacock Theatre ,  London WC2  -  more at 
1	Good afternoon ,  onliners !  Weve been very busy recently enjoying the varying changes in weather and marking the .  .  .  
1	Enter a survey and be in with a chance of winning £200 of Love2Shop vouchers !   -  Mature Times  |  .  .  .  
1	Sad news that Lou Reed has died today at the age of 71 .   Perfect Day was a great song .  
1	Access to NHS stroke prevention surgery improving  -  read more at 
1	One in seven say their loved ones in care neglected  -  read more at 
1	Win a copy of The Eye of the Storm  -  to enter visit 
1	‘Avoidable’ emergency admissions among the elderly increasing  -  read more at 
1	Nation’s carers hit hard by rising living costs  -  more at 
1	Are you having a fireworks party tonight ?  Whats on the menu to keep the cockles warmed ? 
1	Dogs are not just for Christmas  -  read more at 
1	Who will become our 5 , 000th follower on Twitter ?   Will it be you ? 
1	Age UK says many older people struggling to stay afloat  -  read more at 
1	Just come out of a battle with a major telecoms provider over just this issue !   They wanted to charge over £300 .  .  .  
1	Clinical trial offers rare hope to over 70s diagnosed with a brain tumour  -  read more at 
1	A huge MANY HAPPY RETURNS to HRH Prince of Wales .  65 today !  
1	Green Doctors – Ten top tips to fight back on fuel bills  -  read more at 
1	Robert Tanitch reviews the latest DVDs  -  read more at 
1	An MSP recently blasted the NHS after it was revealed a patient spent almost 18 hours waiting on a hospital trolley  -  
1	This is what we scoffed this week .  .  .  .  yum yum !  
1	Bank of Gran  & amp ;  Grandad supports two generations  -  read more at 
1	A husband and wife thought to be the oldest married couple in the world have turned another year older together  -  see 
1	Energy companies overcharging Britain’s bill payers by £1 . 7 billion  -  read more at 
1	Joyce Glasser reviews Oldboy  -  read more at 
1	No More Winter Deaths campaign launched  -  read more at 
1	The savvy shoppers guide to Christmas gift returns  -  read more at 
1	NHS Direct has announced set to close next March ,  following its decision to withdraw from the provision of NHS 111 services around England . 
1	 @ Bench _ Clothing Get your customer service sorted  -  ever felt like a criminal ?   Then return to something to a bench store without a receipt ! 
1	‘Retirement glow’ fades after less than a year  -  read more at 
1	Win a £50 Garden Voucher just in time for Christmas -  to enter visit 
1	Campaigners lobby MPs with call for basic rights in retirement  -  read more at 
1	Is there light at the end of the tunnel ?   -  read more at 
1	New study shows that cancer can be detected early  -  read more at 
1	Have you joined in with Movember ?   If you have wed love to see your photos of newly grown moustaches . Our .  .  .  
1	Over 60 and getting divorced ?  Make sure you protect your pension  -  read more at 
1	No More Winter Deaths campaign launched today by National Pensioners Convention 
1	Keep Me Posted campaign comments on Q3 internet access update  -  read more at 
1	RIP Nelson Mandela one of the greatest statesmen of our time .  
1	How can you ensure your parent’s care home is financially secure ?   -  read more at 
1	Win a selection of art products from Reeves  -  to enter visit 
1	Naughty doglett !  Whos got a naughty pet !  ?  Name and shame !  
1	Tablets and laptops top the wish list for older people this xmas  -  read more at 
1	76 year old pensioner does tandem skydive for charity again  -  read more at 
1	Have you done a good deed lately ?   Or has someone done one for you ?  Do share your experiences of acts of .  .  .  
1	Dig deep  -  the shocking images of the aftermath of Haiyan have sent generous givers delving into their pockets  - more  
1	There seem to be an abundance of Christmas films on the television at the moment  -  what are you favourites ? 
1	Advice of driving safely in the coming storms from Institute of Advanced Motorists 
1	Ho ho ho  -  one readers tips on buying Christmas presents  -  read more at 
1	The R & amp ; A opens up the Rules of Golf for the deaf community  -  read more at 
1	Anyone going to watch the final of Great British Bake Off tonight ? What a shame the winner was leaked on Twitter . 
1	Robert Tanitch reviews Handbagged at Tricycle Theatre ,  Kilburn ,  London NW6  -  read more at 
1	Good morning !  One of our favourite charities  -  who one of the girls in the office  ( Lucy )  works quite closely with .  .  .  
1	Elderly people should be protected no matter what their care status  -  read more at 
1	Feeling festive !  ?  
1	Anyone heard anything more about the storms due to hit on Monday ? Any news updates anyone ? 
1	76 year old pensioner does tandem skydive for charity again  -  read more at 
1	Loneliness among the elderly  -  read more at 
1	It is now the 2nd day of December ,  the second day of Advent ,  and a day closer to Christmas .  Are your decorations up yet ? 
1	Found myself singing along in the car to Elton Johns Dont let the sun go down on me  -  a great song and very .  .  .  
1	Win a copy of Michael Balls new DVD  -  Both Sides Now Tour  -  more at 
1	It is now the 2nd day of December ,  the second day of Advent ,  and a day closer to Christmas .  Are you decorations up yet ? 
1	Channel 4 is currently looking for two or more friends who decided to get tattoos in the 1950s / 60s / 70s  -  be that .  .  .  
1	What will you do with your extra hour this weekend ?  
1	Almost half of over 50s tempted to quit UK in retirement  -  read more at 
1	Age UK says many older people struggling to stay afloat  -  read more at 
1	So what can grandparents do for grandchildren ?   -  Find out more at 
1	Having a dog is great – for your social life  -  read more at 
1	Have you joined in with Movember ?  If you have wed love to see your photos of your newly grown moustache . Our .  .  .  
1	Move over Messi  -  -  twinkle - toed striker Bob Blaikie has been named footballer of the year  -  at the age of 82 -  more at 
1	The popularity of Strictly Come Dancing has sparked a ballet boom among pensioners  -  read more at 
1	To sprout .  .  .  or not to sprout .  That is the question . 
1	Joyce Glasser reviews The Butler  -  read more at 
1	Win tickets to The Circus of Horrors – London After Midnight  -  to enter visit 
1	Strictly not dancing !   -  Read one readers story at 
1	Happy New Year to all our readers new and old  -  from the team at Mature Times . 
1	Will it be a White Christmas this year where you are ?   Or will it be just a Wet Christmas ?  ! As Alan Titchmarsh .  .  .  
1	The C . I . D  -  Many Happy Returns  -  read more at 
1	Win a copy of Mapping the First World War by Dr Peter Chasseaud  -  find out more at 
1	Joyce Glasser reviews The Day of the Flowers  -  read more at 
1	Robert Tanitch reviews Emil and the Detectives at National Theatre / Olivier  -  read more at 
1	Have you seen our competitions page recently ?  ?  We have LOADS of fabulous things to give away !  
1	The perfect present ?  What is it ?   Read more at 
1	Robert Tanitch reviews Strangers on a Train at Gielgud Theatre ,  London W1  -  read more at 
1	Hands off universal pensioner benefits  -  read more at 
1	We’re giving away two First class return train tickets worth £500  -  find out more at 
1	Tackling the challenges of dementia  -  read more at 
1	The benefits of taking a statin a day  -  read more at 
1	Win a copy of The Great Train Robbery on DVD  -  visit 
1	“Do we really have to have your family over for the whole week ? ”“This sweater is……… . charming . ”“Do you .  .  .  
1	Sharon has given us some good advice for keeping our pets safe on Bonfire Night . Any pet owners out there who .  .  .  
1	Any suggestions as to how to fill the long winter evenings ? A real concern for many as they really dread them .  .  .  .  
1	I posted a new photo to Facebook 
1	How can you ensure your parent’s care home is financially secure ?   -  read more at 
1	Had a problem with our Dyson in the office and rang the helpline .   What great service Steve came out today  -  the .  .  .  
1	The suns just come out here after heavy rain all day . Just in time for it to be dark soon ! 
1	What are your Christmas traditions ?  Perhaps there is that one Christmas jumper you always wear ?  Or a musical tie ?  .  .  .  
1	Gym and tonic  -  intrigued ?   Read more at 
1	Were feeling very chilly in the MT office today .  Perhaps somme fancing will warm us up !  What is your favourite music / band / artist / singer ? 
1	The giant of British broadcasting and sports commentary ,  and also known for his  " Coleman Balls "  ,  David Coleman ,  .  .  .  
1	New Alzheimers treatment on the horizon  -  read more at 
1	I posted a new photo to Facebook 
1	Louis Armstrong’s ‘What a Wonderful World’ is apparently the song that gives older people the greatest sense of .  .  .  
1	Scottish Power price increase not unexpected  -  read more at 
1	Help us get our pension entitlement  -  read more at 
1	Apologies for being so quiet on the social media front  -  we are working on a fabulous surprise for you all for the .  .  .  
1	Robert Tanitch reviews Drawing the Line at Hampstead Theatre ,  London ,  NW3 .   -  read more at 
1	Must - haves for a gentle winter walk  -  read more at 
1	Is anyone else being driven crackers by people asking whether you are ready for Christmas yet ?   What does that mean anyway ? 
1	The Elders honour the memory of their Founder ,  Nelson Mandela  -  read more at 
1	50 %  of people contact elderly relatives just once a week  -  read more at 
1	Joyce Glasser reviews Parkland  -  read more at 
1	Today’s young workers are being told to work until they drop  -  read more at 
1	Look out for cold weather alerts  -  read more at 
1	Win a copy of NOW !  Thats What I Call Movies  -  visit 
1	450 , 000 older people will be alone this Christmas  -  read more at 
1	Prince Charles claims pensions are unfit  -  read more at 
1	Robert Tanitch reviews The Pajama Men at Arts Theatre ,  London WC2  -  read more at 
1	Entirely coincidentally we have a competition running now to win a copy of The Great Train Robbery on DVD !  
1	Could you offer a dog a new home ?   But not just for Christmas !  
1	Councils face flood of over 320 , 000 people looking for assessment when the care cap is introduced  -  read more at 
1	Has anyones day care centre closed recently ?  Apparently the numbers of closures of these vital facilities for .  .  .  
1	 " Get Safe Online Week gives advice on how to protect against fraud ,  identity theft ,  viruses and many other problems -   
1	A grandparent denied contact with her granddaughter for 6 ½ years tells how she keeps hope alive  -  more at 
1	Free community resources for new Alexander Payne film  # Nebraska  ( in UK cinemas 6 Dec )  at 
1	Risk averse carers hasten dementia decline  -  read more at 
1	Could you be a Good Neighbours volunteer ?  Someone like Carol ?   -  Find out more at 
1	Here is our totally random ,  and utterly useless fact of the day :  Have you noticed that today is 11 / 12 / 13  !  ? 
1	Public concerned about rising demand for hospice care survey shows  -  read more at 
1	Our feathered friends need help  -  read more at 
1	Check your home is properly covered as the nights draw in  -  read more at 
1	So .  .  .  .  who had snow this morning ?  !  There have been reports of flurries of snow near Swansea . 
1	12 sleeps of Christmas  -  find out what they are at 
1	Peter OToole has passed away aged 81 . The veteran actor – best known for his starring role in Sir David .  .  .  
1	Its now the run up to Halloween ,  with ghosts and ghouls and bizarre outfits galore !  Are you worried ?  Do you enjoy the celebrations ? 
1	War veteran Stan Sosnowski has celebrated his 90th birthday  -  on the Ski slopes  -  read more at 
1	How was your Halloween ?  Quiet ?  Eventful ?  We had the youngest children of the family over for a party ,  including .  .  .  
1	Scottish Power price increase not unexpected  -  read more at 
1	Age UK says many older people struggling to stay afloat  -  read more at 
1	The C . I . D  -  A Plodder  -  read more about his adventures at 
1	Weve found these mushrooms in our garden this morning  ( theyre quite large )   -  does anyone know what they are ?  !  
1	Robert Tanitch reviews Once a Catholic at Tricycle Theatre  -  read more at 
1	Do you want free tickets to see an advanced screening of the latest Disney film Saving Mr Banks ? If so visit our .  .  .  
1	Joyce Glasser reviews The Butler  -  read more at 
1	Having a dog is great – for your social life  -  read more at 
1	Happy 2014 everyone !   What a start !   When will this rain and wind stop ?  Enjoy your indoor day . 
1	Call for more to be done to help elderly this winter  -  read more at 
1	Joyce Glasser reviews Like Father ,  Like Son  -  read more at  
1	Some useful tips to cope with loss at Christmas time  -  read more at 
1	Blind and partially sighted technology beginners encouraged to Switch on  -  read more at 
1	First trial of new cholesterol drug  -  read more at 
1	
1	See the new Disney film  # SavingMrBanks out now !  Free community resources at 
1	Joyce Glasser reviews The Best Man Holiday  -  read more at 
1	Bank of Gran  & amp ;  Grandad supports two generations  -  read more at 
1	Robert Tanitch reviews 12 Angry Men at Garrick Theatre ,  London WC2  -  read more at 
1	Ruth Jellings visits the Affordable Art Fair  -  read more at 
1	This year marks 90 years since the first ever Radio Times  -  read more at 
1	Public concerned about rising demand for hospice care survey shows  -  read more at 
1	 @ Hear _ to _ talk weve only got beautiful sunshine here near Bristol ,  but only time will tell ! 
1	Joyce Glasser reviews Pandoras Promise  -  read more at 
1	Keep active and stay in touch as the clocks go back  -  read more at 
1	Defusing the £10billion Diabetes Timebomb  -  read more at 
1	Win awesome Pokémon goodies  -  find out more at 
1	Age UK says many older people struggling to stay afloat 
1	A very happy Wedding anniversary to Our Queen and her Prince !  66 years and still going strong .  
1	A woman who planned a  " bucket list "  trip to the Spanish city of Granada ended up boarding a plane  -  -  to Grenada  -  
1	January the busiest month for divorce  -  read more at 
