3	 @ markgoldencross :   @ havanaclub _ sodaId rather ask for 1 of those at the bar than Large Granny Smith over ice ,  please ! 
3	 @ TzNikolas Beautiful !  Love the curve of the back and the twist of the neck x
3	I just beat Foxy at Words with Friends but hes a canny adversary !  Bring on a new game ,  wordsmith !  
3	 @ markgoldencross no ,  I dont think the place needs my help ,  doing as expected by itself ! 
3	 @ markgoldencross I want one of them there cocktails !  Whats it called ?  Golden Delicious ?  ! 
3	 @ TzNikolas Indeed it is a good day !  Heres to a deeply creative week ! 
3	The weather was hot for 10 days  -  29 degrees and gorgeous .  No hot flushes .  Its 19 degrees .  So Im boiling up .  .  .  
3	 @ havanaclub _ soda blue moon ,  huh ?  Sounds right !  Hv a gr8 London skive  -  er ,  day
3	More peace than conflict xx
3	would like to know how to change the layout of her profile page because at the moment it looks like a dog &  # 39 ; s dinner  .  .  . 
3	Ah ,  a favourite place  -  opens first week May 
3	Classes and dates 
3	watched the full moon disappear at 5am as the sun rose in a bright blue sky ready to heat Bucks to 30C  -  wow ! 
3	is photographing frost crystals while the kettle boils
3	has just been marvelling at Nikolaos Tzoumas &  # 39 ;  astonishing new portrait paintings
3	Is making jewellery on Vromolimnos beach in Skiathos .  34 degrees ,  Greek salad  +  chilled wine under the pines next
3	I used to have a thick head of hair  ( the hair was thick ,  not the head )  .  Now every time I brush it ,  theres enough .  .  .  
3	thoroughly enjoyed teaching the  &  # 39 ; Fawlty Towers &  # 39 ;  creative writing class last night .  Basil !  !  ! 
3	wants to thank all new students at Burnham Library today for such an enjoyable start to our new creative writing course .  See you soon ! 
3	Salon ,  from the Tzoumas / Ridgley Broken Silences Collection 
3	 @ TzNikolas I love that portrait too .  The eyes will stay with me xx
3	Ed Woodwark ,  my father .  By Nikolaos Tzoumas 
3	 @ foxzone1985  @ havanaclub _ soda good luck  &  nnight .  Taxi ?  ! 
3	likes Nikolaos Tzoumass photo on Myspace 
3	Journalist for a day 
3	 @ skiathostom  @ BrokenSilences1 Thanks ,  Tom !  Its also now been shortlisted in the Wells Poetry Comp  ( Somerset )  ,  results Sun 16 October
3	In Skiathos harbour eating mixed grill ,  Greek salad ,  quince sweetmeats ,  cold Fix beer .  Suns out ,  swim next ! 
3	This is a great nursery owned and run by my sister Helen .  She has a special interest in carnivorous plants and as .  .  .  
3	is looking for the piano music for I Want To Be Evil  ( like I need any help )  sung by Eartha Kitt ,  c 1953 .  Anyone able to help ? 
3	Fun !  
3	has a taste for dark chocolate coffee creams  -  who knows where to find the best ?  !  OK ,  I found the Quality Street fudge .  Disguised ,  not lost
3	shared a photo  / via  @ myspace 
3	Goodbye snow !  
3	Appears 2b snowed in at the Golden Cross with Kev ,  Mark  &  Anne - Marie .  Life is ard ,  aint it ?  ! 
3	 @ TheRealJackDee wonder if anyone makes iTurps ? 
3	Welcome ,  Chrissy and Vanessa .  I cant decide whether to blame the 32 degrees we had here in Buckinghamshire today .  .  .  
3	 @ markgoldencross  @ havanaclub _ soda Thomsons tell me Burmingub aint got no ash ,  man ,  so were clear down to Skiathos .  Jools ?  Hell make it ! 
3	Is back from Skiathos where the sun was determined and the amount of teaching left me lovely hours to spend with great ,  generous souls
3	Indeed it is a good day !  ! 
3	Excellent !  Time to send those pix we took in August to Clare
3	Check this video out  -  -  Broken Silences Collection  -  2011 
3	 @ RealDMitchell and to watch our national teams on British TV these days ,  buy a radio
3	 @ tommessy On our way ,  Tom .  Always happy to help provide a hand  ( needing a glass in it )  !  ! 
3	And Kev have been harvesting garlic !  
3	likes Nikolaos Tzoumass photo on Myspace 
3	 " You cant wait .  .  .  
3	 @ skiathostom  @ aposkiatho Have a gorgeous day on the beach ,  you Gibsons !  !  While I go for a blood test .  And unzip the sky to find the sun
3	thinking of entering Boris Johnson lookalike contest .  Well ,  the hair is .  And maybe the lipstick 
3	
3	saw Ghost Stories last night at the Duke of York &  # 39 ; s theatre in the West End  -  go !   -  if you dare  .  .  . 
3	Congratulations to Green Park ,  Skiathos !  
3	 @ markgoldencross aw b * ll @ cks !  !  5 more days of deprivation ? 
3	Is wearing a necklace by Nikolaos Tzoumas today !  
3	Am debating a different coloured wig for each day of the week  .  .  .  
3	will be at the Crowne Plaza Hotel in Marlow tomorrow selling her crafty items
3	Just beat herself at Words With Friends .  Is this masochism ?  !  Or egomanya  ( y 4 extra points )  
3	Is the recipient of Greek hospitality ,  generosity  +  spirit .  The economy may be down but the people  .  .  .   -  
3	Kev with happy hour mythos in old port house bar in skiathos ,  happy boy !   -  
3	 @ AndSwords paracetamol ,  diazepam and ibuprofen washed down with Croft Original .  Pain relief with a twist ,  ouch
3	either clouds have dandruff or its snowing again
3	Happy 2012 to all !  May the new year bring more good than bad ,  more laughter than tears ,  more tolerance than bigotry ,  more peace than con  .  .  . 
3	watched Sierra Boggess play Christine in Love Never Dies and thought  &  # 39 ; vocal miracle !  &  # 39 ; 
3	 @ havanaclub _ soda  @ foxzone1985 shame about Tue and Thu then !  Me and Foxy know how to entertain a weary commuter
3	Hacked but back ! 
3	is still buzzin &  # 39 ;  from meeting all those great people at the Stagecoach conference ! 
3	 @ fingers1953 Kuh ,  you  &  boats !  !  Have a gr8 time with the family ,  partner ,  reeelaxxxx !  x
3	has just driven through a blizzard between High Wycombe and Princes Risborough  -  snowflakes the size of tennis balls ! 
3	
3	Following an amazing interpretation of Charles Dickens Great Expectations  .  .  .   !  !  
3	 @ TzNikolas Bravo ,  well said ,  partner !  x
3	 @ markgoldencross  @ havanaclub _ soda Ill be in tonight with full beard ,  me .  And sideburns like the bloke from Mungo Jerry .  Groovy . 
3	is trying to stay awake  .  .  .  but failing .  It &  # 39 ; s minus 6 outside .  I &  # 39 ; m going to hibernate ! 
3	is flying Bristol - Skiathos with Viking to teach creative writing ,  silk dyeing ,  beading in Greek sunshine ,  leaving stormy skies behind
3	has added 55 new photos to the album Seasons for inspiration for the Rhyme  &  Reason Writing Comp for Iain Rennie Hospice
3	I just beat Martyn by 40 points !  But I was lucky ,  hes a triple word square tactician  # GamesWithFriends 
3	Sometimes the theatre doesnt meet your Great Expectations but if youre in good company ,  its still great !  
3	Outstanding !  !  
3	want to change her twitter background image for an uploaded pic but the page has refused to load for a week .  Any ideas anyone ?  ! 
3	Hey ,  man ,  dig the gear  .  .  .  
3	has entered the Arvon Poetry Competition with a new poem  &  # 39 ; Know &  # 39 ; 
3	 @ markgoldencross tk heck 2 aircon ! 
3	loved working at Stagecoach Theatre Arts conference at The Belfry and feeling part of the family .  What a great company !  
3	is reading The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo by Stieg Larsson when she should be writing  .  .  .  ! 
3	wants to know where the purple diamond fudge has gone from Quality Street
3	would like to thank everyone in the Friday creative writing class at Beaconsfield for a very enjoyable 15 weeks  -  have a great summer ! 
3	has just entered the Writers Bureau poetry comp ,  cast a spell on the envelope with her magic wand and put it in ye olde poste box
3	hasn &  # 39 ; t found a script for Porridge yet but has found one for Fawlty Towers ! 
3	Broken Silences Collection :  
3	played a song Luz De Luna by Chavela Vargas on  @ myspace 
3	 @ havanaclub _ soda Ill do my best to restrain Kev ,  but u know how he is with anything Theakstons ! 
3	Even goths need to post letters 
3	Just in case anyone local wants to try out their writing skills  .  .  .  
3	would like to wish all friends and students a wonderful Christmas and creative ,  successful and fulfilling New Year .  Keep warm ,  go easy . 
3	Nikolaos Tzoumas  -  ArtTakesLondon :  
3	
3	would like to know what myspace think theyre doing ?  !  It was good .  Now it isnt .  It was personal .  Now its not .  It was original  .  .  . 
3	Loves Regent Street this time of year but  .  .  .  Let it snow !  
3	has found some good new writing competitions to share  -  see blogs for info  -  let &  # 39 ; s get writing ! 
3	Inspirational ripples 
3	 @ havanaclub _ soda Theakstons Coopers Butt on at Golden X and its reet delishus ! 
3	 @ harppub msg for Sarah .  Crazy Sara here !  Ive done that jewellery commission u asked me for  -  see u soon ,  Greek 2b spoken !  x
3	would like to thank everyone who &  # 39 ; s bought Simply Pickles  -  local Post Office now stays open afternoons to help me ! 
3	 @ markgoldencross  @ tcf _ uk Politicising the police Not voting either .  If they wont decide whos best for the job ,  htf are we supposed to ? 
3	Is watching the wind bend the olive trees of Skiathos and is very glad she went to sea in yesterdays stunning calm
3	 @ ATzoumas Bravo !  Can I confirm our booking for 25 May to 9 June then ?  ! 
3	 @ markgoldencross thank u !  Dad has broken a bone in his neck and his face looks like hes been in a Swansea Friday night fight ,  but hes   .  .  . 
3	Life isnt about waiting for the storm to pass ,  its about learning to dance in the rain
3	 @ havanaclub _ soda  @ foxzone1985 bravo ,  gal !  If u fall asleep and wake up in Kimble ,  Ill come 4u cos I is sober
3	The Broken Silences series of collaborative art / poetry works is now ready to be unveiled  .  .  .   
3	Is crafting at Friends of the Earth fair at Thame town hall 
3	 @ Baddiel Yep ,  shes obviously having a day off from her nurses uniform . 
3	 &  # 39 ; earth stood hard as iron ,  water like a stone  .  .  .  &  # 39 ;   -  minus 17  (  !  )  here last night
3	re - reading Susan Hills The Small Hand .  Want to use a line from it as the title for next artwork on www . nikolaostzoumas - sararidgley . co . uk
3	is reading Justin Cronin &  # 39 ; s The Passage  -  now that &  # 39 ; s a BOOK !  A gift from someone who knows  .  .  . 
3	 @ AndSwords take a food parcel !  Hope they can finally put u right .  Lots of love xx
3	is thinking up creative writing notebook assignments for her students and wants to try them all out for herself  -  now ! 
3	OK ,  I give in ,  I dont have a scooby how Derren Brown does it ! 
3	Evorel 75 patches  -  I think Ive cracked it .  Or is it just because Ive had a cold with the added bonus of making .  .  .  
3	has a completely brilliant sister and brother - in - law  -  theyre right up there .  
3	Is sipping on a delicious Havana Club Mojito in the Old Port House bar in Skiathos .  Mmmm !   -  
3	Has just heard that it will b 40  degrees in Skiathos 2moro so is fully expecting her hair 2 catch alight of its own volition
3	It &  # 39 ; s raining outside ,  let &  # 39 ; s get writing !  Lots of new competitions posted today .  Time to win some holiday money ?  !  Good luck
3	has voted for Green Park ,  her favourite place in Greece in the go - greece awards
3	is writing a festive literary quiz for the last Beaconsfield creative writing class before Christmas tonight 
3	 @ AndSwords hope u had as gd a night as I did in Greece .  Toast 2 noisy ,  birds 2 loud .  And where r my sandals ?  ! 
3	Really enjoyed this book .  Twists and breathcatchers follow the principal female characters in a refreshingly .  .  .  
3	 @ TzNikolas Anonymous ,  now that I cant wait to see  .  .  .  but only in the best company ! 
3	is looking forward to meeting all her students at the new term &  # 39 ; s creative writing class in Beaconsfield tonight . 
3	
3	would like  -  mmm  -  1 %  of the Harry Potter box office take in used twenties in an old suitcase left by a mystery caller at her door  .  .  . 
3	Twistin by the pool  -  twistin the stem of that glass in my hand ,  watching the condensation from the ice in the .  .  .  
3	is looking forward to seeing all her students at Monday night writing classes starting again tonight
3	Is watching someone trying to sell a knitted Kindle case .  50 Shades of Grey 4 - ply ? 
3	is looking forward to seeing everyone in the Monday evening writing class for the last session of the course tonight
3	is looking forward to welcoming her students back to Burnham Library tomorrow
3	 @ MrsBrownsBoys keep writing ,  keep performing ,  keep us needing Tena Lady in industrial quantities .  F @ ckin gr8 ! 
3	Notebook Assignments Jan / Feb 2013 
3	 @ havanaclub _ soda Heres the deal .  Ill crack the chocolate off ,  u eat the brazils
3	Is heading into London to see Mrs Browns Boys live at Hammersmith Apollo .  Giggles guaranteed ! 
3	Joe Brown at Aylesbury Waterside theatre an excellent night out ! 
3	feels like half term is flying  -  so much to do ! 
3	wouldnt miss the last Two Greedy Italians show on BBC2 at 7 . 30 2nite for anything ,  even a dish of gnocchi  +  garlic butter .  Well ,  maybe
3	Is at Sandsend on N Yorks coast with her sister Helen ,  gr8 sunset !  
3	 @ emelisande Awesome ,  lady !  First time Ive heard you ,  wont be the last .  Congratulations ! 
3	 @ aposkiatho Deeply grey here in Bucks too ,  but shopping for sausages has just got to be done .  Wonder if I can find Porkinsons Bangers ! 
3	Is standing here feeling ultra glad 2b alive above krifi ammos beach ,  skiathos  -  
3	 @ havanaclubsoda aw fe * k ! 
3	is working on using themes from Greek myth and legend in contemporary writing
3	has decided that some Mondays should just be written off .  Permanently .  Is it the full moon ?  ?  ?  ! 
3	 @ markgoldencross twice in a month ?  ?  Unbelievable .  Bastards is right .  Know any vigilantes ?  ! 
3	thinks she might be getting somewhere with Estraderm HRT patches .  Theyre a bit chewy  ( kiddin )  ,  but the hot flushes seems to be calming ! 
3	Ty Cwm Nursery Aug 2010 :  
3	Lloyds Pharmacy no longer allowed to keep repeat prescription file .  You have to tell them name / dosage of drugs ,  if u can remember ?  ! 
3	Having a little stretch out in the sun today .  Fell asleep .  Half awake ,  thought Itching all over ,  is this another .  .  .  
3	Mrs Browns Boys .  Best thing on tv or f +  * kin what ?  !  Brilliant ! 
3	Is at Tintern Abbey .  Looks like they need the builders in 
3	Basket of apples by Madeleine David from Simply Pickles  
3	Hoo - hoo ,  draw up the plans !  !  
3	wants to thank all her Confident Public Speaking  &  Creative Writing students for giving her such a great week !  Well done everyone
3	Check out the Sara Ridgley / Nikolaos Tzoumas art / poetry slideshow ,  Broken Silences Collection 2010 
3	is reading Justin Cronin &  # 39 ; s The Passage  -  what a gift I &  # 39 ; ve been given ! 
3	The Andrews are lovin the London life !  Gr8 2 hear xx
3	is aiming to work on one poem a day ,  from scratch ,  from notes ,  from images ,  from music ,  from memories ,  from observations ,  from joie de vivre
3	 @ markgoldencross tks 4 gd wishes !  Lovely arty time so far ,  gr8 company ,  inspiration by the shedload .  And hot ,  Hot ,  Very Hot .  Thank heck   .  .  . 
3	cant wait to see the lovely Tzoumas family and Green Park ,  Agia Paraskevi ,  Skiathos on Friday .  7 years of fun !  
3	Thanks for all birthday greetings !  Now want to move bday to summer for long evening party !  x
3	has just eaten some Nairns Oatcakes .  How did they make a biscuit taste like a disc of rush matting ? 
3	IMG _ 7389 « Painting Skiathos ,  Greece 
3	has snowflakes on top of her car  .  .  . 
3	 @ markgoldencross 150 checkout ?  Kev ,  Tom + Tony suggest cheap Bud = smart darts ! 
3	would like to thank all creative writing students over the past year for bringing so much to the party .  Roll on September ,  more challenges ! 
3	
3	thinks muntjac deer should be taught highway code so they stop running into her car .  Are they good eating ?  Port marinade perhaps ? 
3	Welcome ,  Jessica ,  Kate ,  Yvonne ,  Eleanore  -  and Rich !  Oh yeah ,  were going to have some fun here .  Thanks for your .  .  .  
3	has just added new work Repose to the Broken Silences Collection 
3	is selling her jewellery ,  photos ,  cards ,  silk scarves ,  Simply Pickles book and other random crafty stuff at Walters Ash school Sat 27 Nov
