26	fed up  . com  lol
26	okay .  .  calm down .  .  its just a spider .  .  just a small littl -  OMFG IT MOVED ! 
26	As a matter of fact I do have big balls .  But instead of hiding them between my legs I wear them proudly on my chest . lol x
26	Hey Diddle ,  Diddle ,  The cat did a piddle ,  All over the bedside clock . The little dog laughed to see such fun Then died of electric shock xx
26	Always remember :   " Single "  doesnt always mean lonely .  The same way  " Relationship "  doesnt always mean happy .  xx
26	a fart is a puff of wind that gives the belly ease ,  it warms up the bedsheets  &  suffocates the flees  :   )  x
26	 .  .  Death leaves a heartache no one can heal but love leaves a memories no one can steal  !  Miss my mum  ,  dad  ,  sis and tamp  !  xx
26	Oh how the mighty have fallen .  I guess karma is working .  And i can ` t stop  laughing  :  )  lol x
26	 .  .  . Remembering you is easy ,  We do it everyday .  Loosing you was the heartache that will never go away !  x
26	Your only as strong as the tables you dance on ,  the shots you take and the hang - overs you survive and im still getting over mine lol x
26	Not tired of being alone ,  tired of being lonely !  There is a difference !  x
26	No matter who you are , you are loved by someone   ,  i kno i am by my son x
26	Says :  People come and go in your life but 1 things for sure the only people that stay in your life are the ones that are important !  ! xx
26	is special :  )   The mental hospital doctor said so .  .  .  Does any one have a window i can lick ?  lol x
26	The hardest part of moving on ,  is letting go of the past xx
26	is tired ,  stressed and in need of a big hug ,  a long  holiday and a very large vodka  &  coke lol xx
26	is looking outside and thinking about you .  .  .  a tear slides down my cheek .  .  .  i miss u !  !  but i know God wanted another angel in heaven .  .  . xx
26	is feeling neglected !  The voices in her head are silent  &  all her imaginary friends have disappeared !   :  - C lol xx
26	says .  . Son ,  I think  of you as my best investment ,  my best work ,  my best achievement ,  the very best thing I ever did  xx
26	Your life was a blessingyour memory a treasure .  .  . You will always be with usIn our hearts forever xx
26	Today I looked into the sky and it was beautiful .   I then realised its because you are there .   I miss you .  .  . xx
26	really couldnt ask for better friends .  Could ask for more normal ones ,  but will stick with the ones Ive got .   ;  )  lol xxx
26	Yeah you may see a smile on my face ,  but believe me ,  you dont know half of whats going on inside .  xx
26	I hope your dreams stay big ,  your worries stay small ,  and each road leads you where you wanna go . 
26	shes not stupid ;  shes possessed by a retarded ghost lol xx
26	I went to the bank today and i said to the woman can you check my balance please .  . the silly cow pushed me over lol xx
26	hasnt got a clue what Im doing .  .  . but its ok , I live in a small town , someones bound to know !  !  lol xx
26	has gone to find herself ,  if i come back before myself ,  please tell me to stay here and wait ,  because i am looking for me
26	To your resting place we visit ,  place flowers there with care ,  but no - one knows our heartache when we turn and leave you there .   xxx
26	Really does have a very funny bunch of friends ! funny in the head !  well they must be  ,  they are friends with meeeeeeeee !  lol xxx
26	an angel whispered in my ear .  .  .  . the one u love may not b around .  .  .  . but they 4ever hold ur hand . xxx
26	has tried being normal .  .  .  but she didnt like it so she  went back to being her self  : D .  lol
26	The four best words in the world are  " I Love you Mummy "  .  lol xxx
26	Im not random Im just .  .  . OMG A FLYING PURPLE ZEBRA  FISH !  !  !  lol xx
26	I miss you I love you but the worst thing is that I never got to say goodbye and you were taken without warning  =  [  I miss you so much .  xx
26	has been called many things in their life :  some bad ,  some good ,  some true ,  some false .  But the best one is Mummy
26	Life isnt about how many breaths u taken  .  .  its about how many moments thats taken your breath away .  xx
26	Romeo Romeo .  .  .  Where the bloody hell are you ?  ?  lol xx
26	says there are no such things a Knights in shinning armour they are just tossers in wrapped in tinfoil
26	The twilight saga is my bible and Edward is my God !  lol xxx
26	when life gets hard and you feel alone remember you already mean the world to someone and that someone calls you mummy xxx
26	edward cullen  i need you iv cut my finger its a paper cut please hurry lol xxx
26	definitely have an obsession with Vampires .  .  .  First Angel ,  then Spike and now Edward Cullen ,  do you think it could be a problem ?  lol xxx
26	I threw New Moon at the wall when Edward proposed to Bella and yelled  " But you belong with me Edward !  Bella doesnt deserve you !  "  lol xxx
26	muppets  ,  i hate muppets
26	hopes the weather keeps fine for tonight lol
26	not sure how this works
