1	SCIENCE !   # nofilter  # noscience 
1	North Carolinaque 
1	Is that a ghost in your pocket ,  or are you just unhappy to see me ? 
1	Poker face ?  But I hardly knew her .  .  .  face .  
1	Alien life discovered in the NC wilderness !  In other news ,  Bat Boy found  -  -  and hes a vegetarian !  
1	Ready for liftoff .   # neverforget  # heavymetal 
1	 @ lutterkort I assume you mean they will not be facilitating your products direct representation in an official capacity .   ^  confused people
1	Just two guys ,  having a good time .  
1	The world we live in .  
1	Today ,  a pastry chef at SAS went the extra mile .  The  " Fat Elvis "  is composed of banana cream ,  peanut… 
1	Hamming it up .  
1	 @ justinkase Big respect for your stuff .  I was trying to grab some  @ illbomb material ,  but cant seem to find it in FLAC anywhere .  Any clues ? 
1	Penciled pirouette .   @ mcsensiblepumps 
1	 " 2 is not enough .  "   # thestruggle 
1	Anthropomorphize all the things !  
1	Things that are better in Japan ,  part eight :  customs ,  immigration ,  and security .  Welcome home .  
1	Things that are better in Japan ,  part six :  portion sizes .  
1	Tokyo breakfast .  
1	Things that are better in Japan ,  part five :  gatorade .  
1	Things that are better in Japan ,  part four :   bakeries .  
1	Things that are NOT better in Japan ,  part two :  coffee .  
1	Things that are NOT better in Japan ,  part one :  beer .  
1	Things that are better in Japan ,  part three :  grocery stores .  
1	Things that are better in Japan ,  part two :  Cold Stone Creamery .  
1	Things that are better in Japan ,  part one :  7 - 11 .  
1	I ate a burger every day this weekend .  MERICA !  !  !  Cant think of a better send - off to Japan .  See you on the flip side ! 
1	Well ,  are you ?  Punk !  ?  
1	That feel when you grab a knife and it actually makes the  " kasheen "  sound . 
1	 @  _ INSIGHT _  Ive been listening to your music for the better part of a decade now ,  and I have to say youre a constant source of inspiration ! 
1	The life of an assassin is lonely and short ,  but never lacking in ways to kill time .  
1	Hey ,  friends — nows the time to show your love for WKNC and tune in on 
1	SOLD 
1	SOLD 
1	Last chance to Register for Raleigh Wars 8 .  You have two hours !  Go forth and claim your stake ,  beloved assassins !  
1	I CAN SEE THE SUN WHEN I GO HOME  -  -  SCIENCE !  ! 
1	Today the internet taught me :  Bronies are chaotic evil ;  the word phablet exists ,  and a Native American man sheds a tear when it is uttered . 
1	Thanks ,  near - daily recurring PNC Arena traffic ,  for giving me a legitimate reason to hate sports again . 
1	 @ connerk meet  @ stwelin ,  he wanted to talk to you about  @ degreesgame
1	 @ wxyc is my favorite radio station .  I enjoy everything about it – except for improv sax jazzcapades .  One per day is more than enough ! 
1	You dont have to be a brain sturgeon to know this is offishally a crappie name for a seafood business .  
1	 @ MathewCurran My pleasure .  It was three pieces including a buildling face ,  a human face ,  and a downed doe  ( part of the set of four )  . 
1	 @ connerk If anyone still has an original Motorola Droid in working condition ,  you should ignore the ringtone and respect the hardware ! 
1	Hey iPhone users :  you know the default ringtones are just a suggestion ,  right ?  A very poor suggestion . 
1	 @ MathewCurran The auction was great .  I couldnt stick around to the end ,  though .  How can one find out if he / she had a winning bid ? 
1	 @ WKNC881 TJ is short for  ~ Tijuana ~   .  .  . get loco . 
1	you know that feel 
1	 @ connerk Going to MT today ?  I have a friend who is interested in talking to you about  @ degreesgame
1	 @ connerk fgrep ,  bro
1	Canada Revenue Service employee  @ davidsgallant fired for his awesome customer - service - themed game :  
1	Its one of those  - vvv sorts of days .  .  . 
1	 @ hiddencaaat Yes ,  also 
1	I feel a secret joy when executing vim commands like  :  & lt ;  ,  & gt ; s /  \  ,  /  ]  \  ,  / 
1	Figuring out the stripe size and disk order of a failed RAID5 array by reading the disks MFT contents .  .  .  hex4lyfe
1	In age of cloud ,  network IS storage . 
1	New car ,  same girl .  
1	Wade Ave .  Is the Kessel run of Raleigh drivers . 
1	 @ thisdavejohnson Im glad  " learning "  still means the same thing it did when I was in college :  free pizza and beer . 
1	 @ DaemianMack I was considering dragging  @ wraybowling out there ,  and it would be nice to catch up with  @ thisdavejohnson .  Plus free Fullsteam . 
1	Hey  @ DaemianMack ,  are you going to the DevOps meetup tomorrow night ? 
1	Am I the only one that laughs every time they hear the phrase  " crevice tool ?  " 
1	 @ humble Really sad to see The Humble Bundle going corporate .  Seems to be the fastest way to dilute what makes it unique and likeable . 
1	The Obama Administration has requested  $ 3 . 1 billion in Foreign Military Financing for Israel for FY2013 .  Thats  $ 8 . 5 million per day . 
1	Romney Mega Prayer 
1	Just hacked the Gibson in 16 . 8 seconds thanks to Amazon EC2®
1	 @ chaseadam dont hate ,  appreciate
1	 @ dvntownsend Thats why Adblock Plus exists .  
1	Discovered  @ adafruits Resisty resistor code captcha system from  @ Robomaniacs blog .  Perfect !  
1	 @ connerk corporeal ,  material
1	 @ connerk transient
1	 @ ironfroggy Thanks for making  # PyCarolinas happen .  It was a blast ! 
1	 @  _ phred  # pycarolinas How to hide from computer vision ,  CV Dazzle :  
1	 @ PyCarolinas I didnt see any place for  # pycarolinas people to dump files / links yet ,  so I made this :  
1	 @ connerk You need this :  
1	 @ evankinney For what purpose ?  Please tell me its to retrofit into Halloween decorations . 
1	 @ connerk If something is a mystery it implies there is knowledge yet to gain .  Thus they are in agreement with your quest to know all things ! 
1	 @ MFSpaceman 
1	 @ MFSpaceman Delta Funktionen and Matthias Zimmermann . 
1	If anyone is looking for a cheap room for Moogfest ,  please let me know .  I have a few openings in the place I have reserved ! 
1	 @ connerk Close .  Chow .  .  .  menu .  .  . 
1	 @ connerk No pun intended ? 
1	Spent the last five hours reading Tolkien lore .  It is a good day . 
1	So I won yet another pair of tickets from WKNC yesterday .  Who wants to see the Melvins tomorrow night ? 
1	Apparently Im a bit daft and have purchased 3 +  games that I already owned through the Humble Bundles .  Who wants a copy of Cave Story +  ? 
1	Does anyone want a beefy sprocket and chain ?  They came off a motorcycle and can be cleaned and used for art ,  etc .   
1	 @ connerk  You are spot on with this one .  Eyeballs are best served chilled . 
1	Anyone in Raleigh want to draft Magic tonight ? 
1	How To Drop Out  [ of society ]  :  
1	Anyone got a portable tachometer I could borrow for a bit ?  Them shits are expensive . 
1	Mark my words :  in a few weeks ,  people will lament the passing of Steve Jobs with no mention of Dennis Ritchie  -  -  just like last year . 
1	 @ mishamc Make sure you see Thee Oh Sees tonight at Cam ,  theyre awesome ! 
1	Anyone out there with design experience and / or museum experience looking for a full - time gig ?  
1	Who would be interested in using a 3D printer built by me and a few other people ?   Gauging interest to determine the size and scale . 
1	 @ hiddencaaat Where was that taken ? 
1	Finally listened to  " Voices from the Lake "  after reading about it so much .  Its pleasant ,  but also one of the most boring albums ever . 
1	 @ BtlRev Great ,  thanks ! 
1	 @ BtlRev So whats so special about this Big Boss beer tasting tonight ?  Never been to the shop but its on the way home .  .  . ish . 
1	This is one of the best answers Ive read on StackOverflow ,  and recommended for anyone  with an interest in Python :  
1	Chrome for OS X now runs silent updates out - of - band under ksfetch processes spawned continuously in  / tmp .   Is Google hiring spyware devs ? 
1	Firefox 15 includes the awesome MemShrink project .  My main browser with 100 +  tabs and add - ons only takes up 450MB !  
1	Boom !  Raleigh Wars 7 comes to a climactic finish .  
1	There is no hell greater than  @ ticketmaster .  Its mission in life is to destroy the hopes and dreams of patrons of the arts .  FU  @ ticketmaster
1	I dont recommend installing Mountain Lion .  There is frequent UI lag and a major decrease in gfx performance .  Makes spaces nearly unusable . 
1	 @ CSPrestonInc Its a full time position .  Jack - of - all - trades work .  Developing ,  supporting ,  implementing ,  innovating .  
1	Any python / ruby developers out there looking for an awesome job working with awesome people ?  Hit me up . 
1	Who wants to buy me a Thunderbolt PCIe interface for  " testing ?  "  I will provide all the benchmark data you could ever desire .  .  . 
1	Text editing in OS X is designed to give the user hand cramps .  I read it in the developer human interface guidelines . 
1	 @ evankinney Captains log ,  Stardate :   - 310486 .  Today we embark on a new journey through both time and space . 
1	 @ pomodorocrate Is this app still in development ? 
1	 @  _ JUCIFER _  pretty sure spider - man did that a while ago
1	Props to Athens Drive Graduation Symphony for closing with John Williams Throne Room / End Title Medley from A New Hope .  Well played . 
1	 @ WKNC881 Afterhours  & lt ;  9PM you really need to up your game .  This set would have barely been passable 10 years ago .  Its dated ,  not just old . 
1	In less than a year ,  Squarepusher ,  Clark ,  and Plaid will have released new albums .  Whats next ,  Warp Records ?  A new Aphex Twin LP ?  Or BoC ?  ! 
1	Whats that  # Hopscotch ?  Sunn O )  )  )  is performing in Memorial Auditorium ?  Game ,  set .  .  . match .  Well played ,  Hopscotch Music Festival . 
1	 @ NixxedEW Wray Bowling aka  @ wraybowling also Evan Kinney aka  @ evankinney
1	I just discovered the One True Way to remove pen ink stains .  A pen exploded all over my white dress shirt but now its 100 %  gone .  Holy crap . 
1	Starting to take notes for my memoir today ,  it shall be entitled  " How to Win Wins and Winfluence People .  " 
1	 @ metricula Daaawww
1	Is it really necessary to take a leaf - blower to your yard at 7AM .  .  . every day ?  Those have to be one of the most superfluous inventions ever . 
1	 @ OnlyThumPer Why dont you talk to her about it instead of griping to the rest of the world on Twitter ? 
1	Im really wishing every IT superpower in RTP wasnt in a budget crunch right now .   # foreveracontractor
1	For the love of Thor ,  dont tailgate motorcyclists .  What is wrong with you people ? 
1	Skirts and sundresses !  !  ! 
1	Anyone else going to the midnight showing of Hunger Games at Marbles ? 
1	 @ metricula Just saw this .  Still need any rides ?  I can go through there on my way into RTP .   # roommatescommunicatingthroughtheinternet
1	Yes phone ,  DO add Megadeth to your dictionary .  Geez . 
1	On this day ,  96 years ago ,  Einstein published his general theory of relativity .  I think you all fail to see the gravity of this situation . 
1	 @ mishamc wat . 
1	How can so many people in  # Raleigh drive around with their windows rolled up ,  as if they are a mile undersea and their lives depend on it ? 
1	 @ mishamc Oh ,  well its probably your second hard drive then .  It probably used to have XP on it .  Just make sure youre not booting to it . 
1	 @ mishamc Win7 doesnt use NTLDR so you must have booted to another hard drive accidentally .  Maybe a USB drive you had plugged in ? 
1	 @ mishamc Ruh - roh .  Hard drive corruption .  Clone your data to another drive and run a repair installation .  But why would one use XP in 2012 ? 
1	Raleigh made BBC News Hour this morning in a story about American initiatives to make cities more pedestrian - friendly .   # notsureifrealcityyet
1	Its amazing how playing a best of Talking Heads playlist can singlehandedly keep a place alive  -  -  in 2012 ! 
1	 @ WKNC881 DJ Haptic is really killing it on Afterhours tonight .  Its nice to hear some original ,  eclectic sounds on the program again . 
1	 " Everyone is a pile of talking !  "   -  my youngest cousin regarding Christmas . 
1	Fortune favors the bold ! 
1	On a related note ,  I just started refueling at a busy gas station and realized I was the only non - overweight person here .   # MURCA
1	Never order a large serving of fries at Bojangles .  It will destroy you . 
1	So how come no one told me a new DJ Shadow album was released .  .  .  ?  ! 
1	When exactly did 15 - year - old Dodge Caravans become acceptable taxi vehicles ? 
1	This  " Christmas "   " Parade "  can S my D ,  seriously . 
1	HOLY SHIT SHIFT  +  SCROLLING IS BACK / FORWARD IN BROWSERS HOW DID I NOT KNOW THIS
1	Full moon tonight .  Awooo .  .  . 
1	Drinks I bought for other people :  1 .  Drinks other people bought for me :  3 .  Downtown Raleigh is like an alcoholic slot machine . 
1	 @ philihp Haha ,  now you just need food in your kitchen to cut with it ! 
1	Love is a test .  Pay attention ,  take notes ,  and you just might pass . 
1	Yayonnaise :  breakfast of champions . 
1	 @ WKNC881 Really digging the chilled - out afternoon set .  Its perfect ! 
1	 @ MFSpaceman  # TheAntlers  ? 
1	 @ MFSpaceman  # listeningto
1	 @ MFSpaceman  # Christianmingle
1	 @ MFSpaceman Sound Design
1	 @ MFSpaceman True fact .   # canttrusttheinternet
1	 @ MFSpaceman The Moog Music Inc website lists it as 1971 .  FYI .  
1	 @ MFSpaceman 1971
1	 @ mishamc Have you been there before ?  Im considering it but have never been to Mantra before . 
1	Was accused of listening to  " weird shit "  today because I requested my co - worker to play Herbie Hancocks Watermelon Man on Spotify .  Le sigh . 
1	So how come everyone flips out over Joanna Newsom but theres no love for Kate Bush ?  You couldnt have one without the other . 
1	I just gave  $ 40 to a random stranger who was having car trouble ,  against my better judgment . 
1	I hung a horseshoe over my door ,  then proceeded to break a huge mirror .  How does that add up ? 
1	Happy birthday  Yo - Yo Ma . 
1	 " Sexual detergent "   -  -  definitely the takeaway concept for the night .   # nonoxynol - 9
1	Last night I learned the power of intent ,  and how it will increasingly influence the state of the world . 
1	Yesterday I learned how to use a jointer ,  a planar ,  a miter saw ,  and a crosscut tool for a table saw .  Here comes the furniture / loudspeakers ! 
1	I think in the event of a nuclear holocaust I could probably survive indefinitely on coffee and wasabi peas . 
1	Forgiveness is one of the greatest aspects of the human psyche . 
1	 @ NixxedEW I have two .  BOOYAH . 
1	A little jazz now and again is good for the soul . 
1	I could really go for some X - Files right about now . 
1	Epic fail night . 
1	 @ 1000xZero Working weekends at NetApp ?  I &  # 39 ; m impressed ! 
1	Im pretty sure Im 75 %  robosexual at this point . 
1	Got to push harder . 
1	Secret Chiefs 3  @ Local506 tonight !  Ive got a raging brainer for their genre - bending ways .  .  . 
1	Afterhours DJs are killing it on  @ WKNC881 tonight ! 
