9	How to Advertise on Facebook an Easy Step by Step Guide 
9	What IKEA Can Teach You About Marketing 
9	Facebook marketing tips for a Small Business 
9	Thanks for the follow  @ SportslawQUB
9	Have you developed an App but not getting the downloads you hoped for ?  Check out our App marketing service 
9	Are you using Facebook ad campaigns to drive more sales not just likes ?   
9	Just updated my BrandYourself profile ,  do me a favor and let me know what you think !  
9	Just over 1 week until my first adventure race .   Im raising money for the Parkinsons Association of Ireland 
9	Are you capturing testimonials in your business ?  Here are the best types 
9	Looking for a new business opportunity in 2013 ?  
9	Are you using retargeting as part of your online marketing ?  Not sure what it is ?  Learn about it 
9	A neat way for businesses in UK and Ireland to accept credit card payments 
9	Learn about the power of joint ventures
9	Read our latest blog post on why you should have a marketing calendar for your business 
9	Just used 
9	I just got my Search Score on BrandYourself and got a B -  !  Can you beat that ?  
9	Check out my new book 
9	Want to know how to easily have your Wordpress blog posts show on your Facebook page ?  
9	New blog post 
9	this is a very handy free image editor if photoshop is too pricey for you 
9	In UK or Ireland  &  looking for a new business opportunity ?  Launch a group buying site in your county 
9	Tweet Geyser Works
9	Enlist Your Customers to Bring You New Business 
9	3 Opportunities To Profit From The Cold Weather 
9	4 Quick Opportunities To Beat The Irish Budget 
9	Were going to have to get on and start making things again and not building houses to sell to each other  -  Sean Gallagher
9	Use a Contact Database But Make It Easy To Use The Contact Data You Capture 
9	Great value game of golf 18 Holes of Golf :  €5 
9	Create Mobile Optimized Banners In Seconds  =  & gt ;  
9	Big congratulations to my brother Dave and his girlfriend Rachel on the birth of Baby Lucas last night .  Well done great news ! 
9	Great free SEO tools 
9	RT  @ BufordGaffke937 Id rather be a failure at something I love than a success at something I hate
9	RT  @ newsletterguru Success Tip :  Don’t focus on ‘THE’ economy  ( which you can’t control )  ,  focus on ‘YOUR’ economy and make it happen ! 
9	Tried out our new ice cream maker and made some fresh blueberry ice cream  -  its yummy ! 
9	Learn how to use mobile phone marketing to make some extra money 
9	Send real letters and postcards to your customers and leads without the hassle www . autopilotmarketingsystems . com
9	Learn how we help local businessess dominate the search results 
9	How To Explode Your Business Profits With Effective Website Videos 
9	If you cant make money without money ,  you probably cant make money with money either  -  Dan Kennedy
9	Finding nearby tweets on iPhone is really mad
9	 @ neilhenegan Hi Neil  -  I see you are looking for a marketing agency what are your requirements ?  Im sure we can help .  . 
9	Got a Kodak Zi8 ,  better than my Flip mino HD ,  loving the ext audio jack !  Only prob is previewing  . MOV files in camtasia any ideas on this ? 
9	What would you do if you knew you couldnt fail ? 
9	Finally got an iPhone .  Just setting it all up
9	This is a great story 
9	 " I have not failed .  Ive just found 10 , 000 ways that wont work .  " Thomas A .  Edison
9	New blog post 
9	After 8 months dev autopilot marketing systems now in Beta .  Be a beta tester sign up at www . amsapp . com then DM me  &  Ill give u free credit
9	 @ github looks like you guys are down .  .  .  . 
9	Trying out www . tubemogul . com to help my clients seo
9	Well done ireland close enough game in the end
9	Hoping to watch rugby and mind the 3 kids at same time .  Go england ! 
9	A neat way to do DIY canvas prints 
9	Check out this great training on how to make web marketing videos 
9	Ideas  &  Plans won’t pay bills
9	Joined Irelands Twitter directory 
9	 " Formal education will make you a living ;  selfeducation will make you a fortune "  Jim Rohn  -  RIP
9	My daughter charlotte is 1 today !  Wow where did the year go ? 
9	I wish this degree had existed in my day !  
9	Got a good idea for a business in Ireland but no funds  -  this could be the answer 
9	An extra hour in bed as the clocks change .  Wonder will the kids realise not to get me up .  .  .  .  . 
9	Think positive 
9	 @ movingood thanks thats a handy tip
9	Writing sales copy for a client who owns a website helping people move www . movingood . com
9	Created transparent vid spokesperson of myself  www . betterbusinessresults . com  -  have tech stuff sorted just need to work on my acting skills
9	Great free interview on creating membership sites with wordpress 
9	I want one of these www . yoostar . com  -  very cool
9	Learn how to start a canvas printing business 
9	Just listed a new franchise opportunity on my biz op ireland site 
9	Ohhps meant to read why facebbok is no place for mums !  
9	Why twitter is no place for mums 
9	Great day in Kildare today  -  could we be getting an Indian summer after all ? 
9	Just back from five a side footie phew ! 
9	This is a total disgrace plastic packaging whatever next
9	Great software for screen mockups 
9	Family day here today and bouncy castles being erected on the green  -  oh the excitement ! 
9	 @ lizeve this might be of interest to you buff 
9	Shock horror cant believe she was caught cheating .  Check out the pictures here 
9	Recognise these popular sites ?  
9	Just listed a new franchise opportunity on my biz op ireland site 
9	Check out my profile to see the new Twitter background I created from TwitBacks . com  # twitbacks 
9	just came across this www . answer . co . uk looks like a very cost effective way to get a virtual receptionist
9	RT  @ copyblogger The  # 1 Conversion Killer in Your Copy  ( And How to Beat It )  — Copyblogger 
9	A hot bank holiday weekend .  Brought the kids to the beach  -  what life is all about . 
9	made  " Mobil - i placeholder "  public on viddler :  
9	Wow a beautiful sunny day in Kildare .  Could this be summer ! 
9	 @ DaveEve I wish you were too then you could get me tickets
9	 @ lizeve ah very good .  I was half considering it myself .  Mac are pricier tho and less software and no right click ?  ! 
9	 @ TurningPointBC So what is this Ed dale 30 day challenge then ? 
9	 @ lizeve the plastic coats or the computers ?  ?  !  ! 
9	playing with my new flip mino HD camera  -  it really is cool
9	Just added a new opportunity on my biz op irl site 
9	Following the Irish budget on 
9	Just listening to this months glazer kennedy gold cd about audio informercials  -  good stuff
9	 @ David _ Frey Thats interesting David have you any experience of hiring a Philipino yourself ? 
9	waiting for Dragons Den to start  ( the Irish version on RTE ) 
9	writing some copy for www . businessopportunitiesireland . com
9	still working
9	“Do what you do so well that people can’t resist telling others about you . ”  -  Walt Disney
9	To busy or lazy to go to the gym ?  Heres the answer 
9	 & lt ; rant & gt ;  if you are going to use ppc dont just send traffic to your homepage  -  use a targeted landing page  & lt ;  / rant & gt ; 
9	About to start a marketing audit for a occupational therapist business in Dublin
9	 @ scottbywater Thanks for tweeting this scott  -  very interesting
9	 @ lizeve yeah then you only need to work 1 week a month and you can ride horses the rest of the time  :  -  ) 
9	 @ DaveEve Hey i had the strawberry muller rice for lunch ,  thats pretty tasty too
9	Everything I do well ,  I once did badly .  Everything I still do badly ,  is coz I never invested enough time ,  energy  &  practice to do it well
9	Some very good ideas and supplies for lumpy direct mail 
9	Finishing a business growth blueprint for a consulting client .  So many opportunites in their business they arent tapping at the moment
9	 @ masscontrolkern Kerching !  Today is payday  :  -  ) 
9	Just back from the gym .  40 mins 3 times a week is all it takes .  Healthy body healthy mind .  Powers you up nicely for the afternoon . 
9	A lovely spring day here in Ireland .  Makes you feel happy to be alive
9	Playing with my 8 week old baby daughter  :  -  ) 
9	Spent 2 hours today at a 4 year olds bithday party with my daughter .  Life is so simple at that age ! 
9	Watching Frank Kerns mass control sales video  -  the guy knows what hes doing ! 
