2	is trying to act like a responsible adult .  .  .  but it doesnt seem to be working so well
2	 @ rioferdy5 Fine moustachery and immaculate grooming doesnt grow on trees .  Pls donate to  # Movember :  
2	 @ rioferdy5 completely agree mate ,  hey was wondering if you or the team could sponsor me for Male prostate Cancer awareness month . 
2	Fine moustachery and immaculate grooming doesnt grow on trees .  Pls donate to  # Movember :  
2	What would a farmers biggest problem be if he were to grow a field full of dildos ? Squatters ! 
2	says ,  party like a rock star .  .  . live like a movie star .  .  . f * ck like a porn star .  .  . go out like a shooting star
2	Loves all my friends and thinking of a special one in her time of need ,  positive vibes needed to her and lots of healing energy xxxxxxxxxxxx
2	Just had a lovely driving lesson in the warm sun
2	Just chilling out at m friends house
2	Bloody PS3 error grrrrr hope my games arent affected !  ! 
2	Chilling out at home with my westie thinking about the week ahead and my birthday on the 6th
2	Tooth taken out this morning ,  still recovering  , there was no pain at all .  enjoyed the 4 injections that i was given must be mad lol xx
2	Getting ready to go into halifax then back home to chill ,  then going to the gym
2	Please sponsor me guys nd girls ,  its for prostate cancer Please
2	Im growing a Mo for  # Movember to help the fight against prostate cancer .  Pls donate :  
2	
2	Im growing a Mo for  # Movember to help the fight against prostate cancer .  Pls donate :  
2	Cant sleep well woke up at 1 . 30 went to bed at 9 . 30 grrrrr
2	Cant sleep yet again grrr ,  how are we all doing in the land of the twitter ,  come on England
2	R . I . P Sir Bobby Robson
2	Just chilling out listening to John Frusciante which will set me up for the day . Just completed Metal Gear Solid 4
2	mine is slow its cos of jacko
2	bought  a lovely 42 " full hdtv today looks great
2	Champions again and thats a FACT !  !  ! 
2	you can also check me out on facebook Mike Fergus
2	Sat at A & R Training being bored lol ,  been here since 9am ,  been a long long day .  Going home soon and going stright to the gym for a work out
2	Listening to Rancid live and happy that im getting my nephews name tattooed on my inside wrist . 
2	Sat chilling out with marie watching roadworks the red hot chili peppers documentry and about to go to get a pizza
2	oops Barca did it YAY !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  ! 1 fuckin scum rent boys
2	Were on our way to Rome to play Chelsea again , 
2	Contemplating going to the shop to get some milk for my muselie mmmm
2	Woken up early and watching a few episodes of shameless
2	Sat in bed listening to the Newcastle game on 5live then switching back to good old faithful talksport . 
2	Im about to have pie potatoes ,  sweetcorn ,  and yorkshire puddings mmmm
2	Cant believe we lost ggrrr
2	Cant believe Chelsea beat Arsenal lol hehehehe
2	FA Cup Semi weekend ,  why the hell is the Arsenal Game on Setanta when many cant watch it ,  makes no sense
2	Yay liverpool are out !  !  ! 
2	Cant believe liverpool are 2 - 0 up against chelsea ,  lets hope chelsea beat the scouse cunts !  !  ! 
2	YESSSS !  !  !  !  !  lol lets all laugh at liverpool
2	get in chelski altho im a utd fan this result has put yesterdays result a little better feelin for me
2	Viva Stevie G ! Viva Stevie G ! Could of won the cup but Scousers fucked it up ! Viva Stevie G !  !  !  3 - 1 so far bring it on !  !  ! 
2	Listening to John Frusciante ,  while sat at the sofa lookin out the window wishing wondering , 
2	I am about to go out and walk max with vicki and her dog toby ,  just sat waiting for her ,  drinkin my second mug of coffee , 
2	the day has gone well at the samaritains did a good few hours ,  goin back at 1 for afternoon shift
2	oh i forgot to mention im working with the samaritains and also project colt ,  which is working with people with addictions , 
2	I am tryin to talk to someone but am unable to as she is having trouble with her messanger thingy lol .  nice to be up late for a change
2	i have discoverd that my signed eric cantona signiture is worth a bit of money but im not selling it as it is a rare old signiture of his , 
2	which they wont do .  Also i have just made a lovely cuppa coffee mmm fresh coffeemmmmm
2	Ive just got up and am listening to TalkSport as usual ,  listening to liverpool fans boasting ,  anyone would have thought theyd won the league
2	i am playing guitar and gooing to go down stairs and play call of duty 4 modern warefare
2	i am chilling out and about to watch mistresses on bbci player ,  anyone who wants to add me to twitter can do .  vince elgey please add me dude
2	Chilling out
