0.0	An Ode to Strava 
0.0	An Ode to Strava .  Latest Post to Bicyclism Blog :  
0.0	Riding clear 20 metre path to intersection .  Car turkey overtakes and slams on brakes at stop sign .  I very nearly crash .  This guy votes . 
0.0	Is this the best Mountain Bike of all time ?  Latest post to Bicyclism Blog :  
0.0	Latest post to Bicyclism Blog :  KTM Hard Tail Adventures 
0.0	 @ Olcynic Its a KTM Myroon 29er with SRAM XX1 ,  Rock Shox SID fork ,  Mavic Crossmax SL Wheels ,  Avid X0 brakes .  Perfect ! 
0.0	I have a new blog for my less cycling - centric ramblings !  First post is Sennheiser Momentum Headphones 
0.0	Sennheiser Momentum Headphones 
0.0	If I had to have just one bike in the burial chamber of my pyramid ,  Id be wanting this one for the after life 
0.0	 @ aurisacrafames  @ Suttanaccia which is how Word Heritage Areas work .  .  .  No evictions of Corsicans and their cars required .  .  . 
0.0	We have World Heritage Areas .  Why not World Cycling Heritage Areas ;  places where only cyclists are allowed .  I nominate Corsica ! 
0.0	God may have written the script ,  but Bach wrote the score . 
0.0	Local government .  There they go ,  micro planning one band aide at a time ,  with no rear vision mirror and a funnel for a windscreen
0.0	Latest post to Bicyclism Blog :  The Best Bicycle in the World 
0.0	My search for the perfect bike is over .  And the winner is…Read more in this latest post to Bicyclism Blog 
0.0	Fascinated by the turkey writing to our local paper that cyclists should show consideration to car drivers by getting off the road
0.0	Just joined a seriously competitive cycling club .  Strava !  Facebook for cyclists ! 
0.0	Thanks ,  Nine Network for your coverage of the Tour Downunder .  When you deservedly go broke ,  the pros at SBS can finally step back in . 
0.0	Latest post to Bicyclism Blog :  Searching for the Best Bike in the World :  
0.0	What is the Best Roadbike in the World ?  Search for the ultimate answer .  Latest post to Bicyclism Blog :  
0.0	In the USA ,  you can ,  apparently get a tax credit for a 2 wheeled electric vehicle .  But not for a bicycle ?  ! 
0.0	I saved heaps at the Boxing Day sales today !  I didnt go . 
0.0	Oh dear !  Now the airhead trendies are wearing our 3 / 4 length cycling Knicks as a fashion statement 
0.0	Normally ,  on my local rural roads I see one car and maybe one cyclist per trip .  On Sydneys West Head road ride I counted 3 cars  & amp ;  37 bikes ! 
0.0	Couldnt resist trying my new bike out on famous Akuna Bay / West head road north of Sydney .  I started riding here 20 yrs ago .  Stunning ride
0.0	Interesting .  Riding to West Head after 20 years ,  LOTS of riders but its only the lady cyclists who bother to say Hi back . 
0.0	Stop for nothing ,  blast a path to your local record store .  Neil Youngs new album Psychedelic Pill is brilliant !  Age rules !  Thanks
0.0	Question :  how do I peel  the Team Rabobank stickers of my Giant TCR Advanced Team Rabobank bike ?  ! 
0.0	One thing is for sure .  Every sponsor who pulls out of cycling sponsorship post LanceGate will have me pulling my sponsorship of them . 
0.0	Its a good thing we have ebooks .  Publishers can patch their cycling books with revised podium lists after each doping revelation re - write . 
0.0	Walking around with my teeth gritted as people who are confused between a road bike and a wheelbarrow voice views on THE SITUATION
0.0	There is something deeply disturbing when the media seeks option from obese non - sporting sports ministers for insight on cyclings problems
0.0	Perhaps the world should focus on womens cycling as the boys implode into the Lanceocaust . 
0.0	Theres a fly squashed on my iPad screen .  Reminds me of Lances new persona . 
0.0	Have you ever noticed that obese folk often have a fatalist surrender to the inevitability of incapacity  & amp ;  death ?  Id rather die on my bike
0.0	Bob Dylans new album  ( Tempest )  reminds me of a great old steel 531 racing bike .  Contexted by greatness .  Something to savor and relish . 
0.0	Its so deeply gratifying that my bike riding really annoys those who I love to annoy .  They think obesity is normal  -   if not fate
0.0	Its so deeply gratifying that all the people I really ,  really ,  dont like dont ride a bike ! 
0.0	I love this youtube video .  Perhaps its because of the accent or  his character :  
0.0	Its best for people to develop their personal value attributes before they acquire the distortions of money
0.0	Money is the instrument through which so many people value and assert their sense of self worth
0.0	With a good pair of earbuds ,  we cyclists can have better vehicle audio than any car ! 
0.0	Whats the business plan for a record store ?  Pondering lost causes .  .  .  Latest post to Necessary Revolution :  
0.0	Latest post to Bicyclism Blog :  A Front Seat at the Crisis :  
0.0	Cycling through the Crisis .  Latest post to Bicyclism Blog :  
0.0	Looking at a brochure for a holiday resort .  Indoor bikes ,  pool and general lounging around .  A hi - care nursing home for the young .   Yuk . 
0.0	Ever notice fairy tale endings are ever so rare in reality ?  Sorry Cadel . 
0.0	What an Efficient ,  Managed ,  Micro - Tuned ,  Professional Le Tour this one has been .  Doubtless record Key Performance Indicators !  Boring . 
0.0	Watching riders having issues with electronic gear changers during Le tour .  And you pay more for this ?  ! 
0.0	Whats the best cycling accessory after a good set of wheels ?  A 55inch TV for watching Le Tour ,  of course ! 
0.0	Rinehart seeks three board seats .  Perhaps she should lose some weight then !  
0.0	Watching a cyclepath rider towing his kids behind like a bunch of ducks across a road without looking ,  no wonder !  
0.0	Steep rise in injuries for male bikers and cyclists .  Be VERY afraid !  Just wait to see how governmentsl try to save us 
0.0	Is Golf the New Cycling or is Cycling the New Golf ?  Heres hoping for neither !  Latest post to Bicyclism Blog :  
0.0	Golf is the New Cycling !  Please .  .  .  Get the dentists back onto the greens so pro - bike prices can become affordable again . 
0.0	Dealing with Local Council .  Clearly ,  town planners aspire to be accountants or morticians  but dont have enough personality .  .  . 
0.0	for further information on Steeleye Span ,  send a stamped addressed envelope to .  .  .  Those were the  ( pre - web )  days .  .  . 
0.0	3 punctures .  2 gas cylinders .  Dreaming of a team car with a roof rack of wheels .  Or a pair of walking shoes . 
0.0	Interesting article on a womans joy of cycling :  
0.0	Great Fans ,  great race .  Enjoying the Tour of California .  Latest post to Bicyclism Blog 
0.0	As seen beside the road on todays Tour of California stage .  Brilliant !  
0.0	Watching Tour of California .  Thinking of new Green Edge mining sponsor Orica .  Lets move the California landscape into mine ravaged NSW ! 
0.0	There is something unsettlingly evil about this vulgar consumerist takeover of cycling  
0.0	It usually takes some explaining as to why I do a two hour a day bicycle commute when I work from home .  .  . 
0.0	Waiting for cycling to become nothing more than a daily chore .  Four years with 3 days off .  Still waiting .  .  . 
0.0	Loving all these ezine cycling culture mags :  Rouleur ,  Paved ,  Peloton ,  Bike ,  Spoke  &  Singletrack .  iPad enlightenment ! 
0.0	Fixing climate change :  fill in all the coal mines with cars ;  sequester carbon in carbon framed bicycles . 
0.0	Thinking about ecological footprints .  The footprint of a car is a wake of road kill
0.0	Todays ride .  Traction was a bit of a problem !    
0.0	Love to run the local rural fire service with this !  
0.0	Concerned about the impacts of e - biking on real biking .  Latest post to Bicyclism Blog :  Electric Evil ?  
0.0	The bicycle is an icon of government - uninvolved existentialism ! 
0.0	The only time we get to hear from most government officials are their declarations of self importance when their jobs are under review
0.0	Brand new tyre .  Chain overshoots large chainring ,  catches on my chain stay cadence sensor .  Rear wheel caught .  Skid for 25m .  Tyre holed ! 
0.0	Latest post to Bicyclism Blog :  Dealing with Darth Vader 
0.0	Use the Lance Armstrong Look to defuse road rage !  Latest post to Bicyclism Blog :  Dealing with Darth Vader 
0.0	Wondering if this horn blasting ,  abuse howling troll behind me would become human without his car ?  Why do cars amplify all human failings ? 
0.0	If life needs a soundtrack ,  whats the score for cycling time ?  Ride of the Valkyries ?  Death Metal ?  Soundtrack to Psycho or The Road ? 
0.0	Bemused by our modern fling with electric cars .  With a 100km range youd think it would occur to people that a bike is in every way better
0.0	Everyone knows that they should be mindful of their own hidden prejudices .  Almost no one actually is . 
0.0	The ultimate car is one that can carry the ultimate bicycle with safety and style .  Airbags for my bike ?   ! 
0.0	The unspeakable fact countering the universal call for improved driver education is that morons are beyond education . 
0.0	Riding on a bridge being picketed by protestors protesting how hazardous that bridge is to motorists .  Almost run over by a protesting driver
0.0	If only our bikes could review us as riders as we review them as bikes .  I wonder if a puncture is some kind of statement .  .  . 
0.0	The more I ride ,  the nastier the world off the bike seems to become .  Think I will just ride forever . 
0.0	Riding with a dodgy tyre .  Bicycle shop in sight .  Tyre blows  as I wheel it in .  New tyre and tube .  Off I go .  Try that with an on - line shop ! 
0.0	
0.0	
0.0	A great ride cleans you out like a bottle brush through the mind and body
0.0	Funny ,  most serious cyclists would kind of like a bit of a belly to counter that anorexic look that dieters want so much .  .  . 
0.0	Fascinated by all the diet books on sale .  I think I will write another with just one recipe :   Ride a bike and eat what you like ! 
0.0	We need an inverse Christmas .  One that focuses on the downstream rather than upstream of Christmas food festivities . 
0.0	On todays ride ,  noticed that car drivers are almost as appallingly vile to each other as they are to us .  Almost . 
0.0	Am so nauseated by the endless ranting of the press over poor Christmas retail sales .  So what ! 
0.0	Is there anything more perverse than a bookstore selling ebook readers ? 
0.0	Bemused by the new barefoot running scene .  Even more at the  $ 200  ( Vibram toe )  shoes you can buy to run barefoot in !  Ah marketing .  .  . 
0.0	We need a name for that smug feeling you get when it starts to rain just AFTER your ride
0.0	Steve Jobs originally wanted to call the Macintosh The Bicycle by way of recognition of the bicycles engineering perfection . 
0.0	My latest blog post .  The new 2012 Giant TCR Advanced SL Rabobank ISP tested in Bicyclism Blog :  
0.0	Interesting story of bike vs motorbike if youve not read it yet .  
0.0	Owning a Giant TCR is like owning an iPhone .  One of millions but still brilliant .  The new TCR SL Rabobank team issue is a stunning machine
0.0	Riding slow to traffic lights about to change to green .  Dopey car turkey overtakes and then slams on the brakes as the lights are still red
0.0	Just imagine how things would be if cyclists were in charge of deciding the rules of the road ! 
0.0	What I really object to is the idiocy of car drivers designing the rules that govern how we are allowed to ride our bikes
0.0	If we humans were intended to drive cars ,  wed have been borne without legs
0.0	Decisions that direct biodiversity should never be made from the ecological sterility of a cityscape . 
0.0	First ride on the Look Keo Blade  ( titanium )  pedals .  The upgrade from the old Keos is not subtle .  More power ,  stability  &  foot hold .  10 / 10
0.0	I am definitely warming to Taiwan now .  Now Im ready to buy that Giant TCR SL Rabobank .  .  .  
0.0	When someone mentions the price of their car ,  do you ,  like me ,  immediately translate that into a bicycle  $  equivalent valuation ? 
0.0	Cant help thinking that all these super over - paid executives are more like the lead ballast of society rather than its leadership
0.0	Just when my mind started turning to my age ,  I pull in the fastest time ever on my morning ride .  Recharged ! 
0.0	One suspects that those who rank cars as their life passion could edit the depth and breadth of that life to within the span of a tweet
0.0	Rediscovering the power of walking and horses running free .  Latest post to Bicyclism Blog :  
0.0	For me ,  cycling is a secure fixed point against the mad fury of largely pointless technological change
0.0	Wondering what road cycling must be like in Mexico !  
0.0	Bemused by the guy chasing me down a hill in his car ;  hand on horn ,  furious to overtake .  Straight into a speed trap ! 
0.0	Theres bottom - up directionless management ,  bureaucractic managerialist tyrannies ,  autocratic dictatorships ,  and then there was Steve Jobs
0.0	Have worked with lots of leaders with pretentions to the standard of Steve Jobs .  None came close .  Leadership has now lost its role model . 
0.0	Both Mavic R Sys and Ksyrium ES Rims are beginning to crack around spoke holes .  Life span seems to be 20 , 000k .  Not impressed
0.0	After 2 weeks of road field study ,  I conclude that 4 wheels distort the human brain .  Maybe we need the 2 wheel gyroscope  effect for sanity
0.0	After a week of  motorcycling ,  I can conclude that cyclists should not take the behaviour of car drivers personally .  Theyre Generic  jerks
0.0	Been tinkering with a Triumph TIger 1050 motorbike on my usual Pinarello route .  Pinarello wins on every count of performance . 
0.0	Are motorised bicycles a perversion of both real motorcycles and real bicycles ?  Kind of a pointless Penny Farthing cul de sac invention . 
0.0	OK .  Time for a deep question .  How come there were no bicycles in The Lord of the Rings ? 
0.0	Maybe Ill do something terribly important .  Like inventing the worlds first cruise control for road bikes .  A useful match for e - shifting
0.0	Looking for good investments to ride through these recessionary times .  Invest in carbon !  High modulus is best . 
0.0	 @ velopilot  No ,  havent seen that wondrous pic .  Totally brilliant !  An icon for our age .  .  
0.0	People who insist on traveling to their local gymnasium by car dont even have the language to comprehend the concept of irony
0.0	Why Australia is a depression forestalled like a bushfire contained with a garden hose :  
0.0	Good job we love our bikes ,  cause when the Aussie mining boom goes bust ,  were going to need them .  .  . 
0.0	Reflecting on Le Tour 2011 .  So thats what a drug free Tour winning victory looks like .  .  .  First ever ?  ? 
0.0	Careful not to let lifes industry of happiness distractions distract us from the happiness of life .  .  . 
0.0	Two options for avoiding GFC 2 . 0 .  Put your head in one of these 
0.0	I have a simple proposition .  Pro cycling teams should henceforth be paid for out of carbon tax revenues for their encouragement of cycling
0.0	Hot tip for people looking for an accounting programme .  Avoid MYOB at all costs .  MYOB is a scam run by a Mafia mentality .  There .  Better now
0.0	Keep cycling analogue !  Latest post to Bicyclism Blog :  
0.0	If an Aussie is to win Le Tour ,  cant it be Stuart OGrady !  Feeling de - oxygenated over the disappearance of Alberto Contador from the podium
0.0	And the Bicyclism Award for Best Performance in Le Tour 2011 goes to  -  Thomas Voeckler .   Best Supporting Act :  Thor  Hushovd . 
0.0	Frankly ,  if it were not for Hushovd ,  Voeckler and GIlbert ,  this TDF would be nothing more than an elaborate French tourism  campaign
0.0	If any carbon tax system that fails to reward and encourage cycling is nothing more than a fraudulent money grab
0.0	Le Tour is just like Grand Opera .  Drama ,  hysteria ,  silly plot .  But we dont tend to ask the riders for an encore of another few stages ! 
0.0	Pick up a 20kg bag of dog food .  Carry it around .  Isnt it heavy !  20kg is what mighty Thor Hushovd is carrying over Andy and Alberto .  Hero ! 
0.0	Latest post to Necessary Revolution Blog :  A Very Necessary Revolution 
0.0	Increasingly enraged over this carbon tax policy game .  Latest post to Necessary Revolution Blog :  
0.0	The old existentialist question :  why are we here ?  To watch Le Tour ,  of course ! 
0.0	Picked up latest Peloton Magazine .  It was filed in the Business Section at the newsagent .  .  . 
0.0	All music fights for position on the saddle between the giant ,  insurmountable peaks of J S Bach and Miles Davis
0.0	Hey ,  theres a new sport in town :  Apres cycling for retired cyclists missing their fame :  
0.0	Latest post to Bicyclism Blog :  Lets Deal WIth This Ourselves :  
0.0	What should we do about Contador and Lance ?  Latest post to Bicyclism Blog :  
0.0	Said by a team mechanic at the 2011 UCI World Cup Cross Country race at Dalby :  the future is getting louder and louder . 
0.0	The bicyclism Daily is out !  
0.0	The bicyclism Daily is out !  
0.0	The bicyclism Daily is out !  
0.0	The bicyclism Daily is out !  
0.0	The bicyclism Daily is out !  
0.0	The bicyclism Daily is out !  
0.0	The bicyclism Daily is out !  
0.0	The bicyclism Daily is out !  
0.0	The bicyclism Daily is out !  
0.0	The bicyclism Daily is out !  
0.0	The bicyclism Daily is out !  
0.0	The bicyclism Daily is out !  
0.0	Brain cancer ?  That explains the actions of phone using car drivers :  
0.0	The bicyclism Daily is out !  
0.0	Read The bicyclism Daily ▸ todays top stories via  @ marthavan  @ fordakids  @ neilroad ▸ 
0.0	 @ rick _ vosper as hyperbolic sarcasm grinds down like grit in a chain .  .  .  But a health insurance discount for staying fit would be ever so nice
0.0	Wen it comes to figuring who gets compensated what in relation to a carbon tax ,  does poor old Gaia get a tax break too ? 
0.0	 @ rick _ vosper ah ,  yes .  How about a new health care / insurance test :  if you cant ride 10km in less than 30 minutes ,  its off to the abattoir !  ? 
0.0	Its about time !  Taxing those who self abuse with smoking  &  obesity .  
0.0	Whats the hardest thing to do in cycling ?  Ignoring the abuses of car trolls is the Alpe dHuez of heroic achievement !  Just ride on .  .  . 
0.0	All well achieve through putting a price on carbon is generating a new industry of gaming the system for personal / corporate gain
0.0	You know .  .  .  The best thing about the Giro is  .  .  .  Lance who ? 
0.0	With the righteous cancellation of that dangerous Giro descent ,  I reckon pro cycling is getting a touch too precious . 
0.0	But the BIG question is :  if Lance is guilty ,  whatll I do with all my Lance books ? 
0.0	Martyrs to the Religion of the Market Place .  Latest post to Necessary Revolution Blog :  
0.0	To stop the rate payers whining about the state of our roads ,  councils should issue us all with mountain bikes ! 
0.0	Are cars the Cargo Cult of our generation ? 
0.0	Fast fat food will be the asbestos of the 2020s . 
0.0	 @ tobyshingleton understand .  But how about a pdf version .  Peloton offers a direct pdf sub that you can then put onto the iPad .  Perfect
0.0	 @ tobyshingleton when are you going to launch an iPad version of RIde ?  ?   Some gentle hints here :  
0.0	The iPad for cyclists .  Latest tech review on Bicyclism Blog :  
0.0	Latest post to Bicyclism Blog :  If the Government Invented the Bicycle 
0.0	What if the Government invented the bicycle ?  Latest post to Bicyclism Blog :  
0.0	Hey ,  Mr Bookseller man .  There ARE cycling books on subjects other than Lance Armstrong  that might actually interest us .  .  . 
0.0	Bicycling Magazine Goes Urban 
0.0	Cycling obsessives :  putting the fun back into fundamentalism ! 
0.0	The timelessness of cycling .  Wooden bikes are still relevant :  
0.0	Pollies are saying we should get the transport system we deserve .  Given all the short commute one - up car drivers around ,  we  already do . 
0.0	Whats the value proposition for Local Council rates ?  Everyone else has to explain and justify their charges .  .  . 
0.0	People should be judged by the amount of road kill they leave behind .  Heaven ,  then ,  is likely to be the domain of cyclists  &  pedestrians ! 
0.0	The only scientists I really respect are those who work on bicycle technology
0.0	Not that I agree with it as a policy ,  but with all this why should I pay any carbon tax bleating ,  the human race deserves global warming
0.0	The only thing I dont want In - My - Back - Yard are a bunch of self obsessed Not - In - My - Back - Yarders
0.0	If I personally ,  somehow ,  offered to pay every one elses carbon tax ,  then everyone one else would suddenly think the tax a great idea ! 
0.0	Latest post to Bicyclism Blog :  From Behind the Glass 
0.0	The distractions of wilderness through the windows of a car .  Latest post to Bicyclism Blog :  
0.0	Stopped on a remote firetrail waiting for a tiger snake to move .  Along comes a thundering 4WD .  Snake  &  peace die under its wheels
0.0	Photography as a fad is well - nigh on its last legs ,  thanks principally to the bicycle craze  -  Alfred Stieglitz ,  1897 . 
0.0	Like a dog just released ,  the moment of freedom makes up for all that time on the chain .  Thats just the feeling of a really good ride . 
