28	BEWARE THE DARK ,  in which my story TWINS appears ,  is now available in a ninety - nine cent Kindle edition .  .  .  
28	 " I expect a zombie to show up on SESAME STREET soon ,  teaching kids to count .  "   -  -  George A .  Romero
28	 " When you visit the tombs of kings and queens ,  you see they leave everything behind .  "   -  -  Queen Fawzia
28	It should make us feel implicated .  "  Steve Almond ,  on Doris Lessing
28	 "  .  .  . the sort of writer who understood that literatures purpose is not just to entertain .  .  . 
28	Cigar drawing nicely .  "   -  -  Peter Kaplan
28	 " Those seated near me in this Metro - North car waving their hands like crazy ,  coughing ,  and giving me dirty looks .  .  . 
28	 " This gun deal is easy .  Anyone who wants to own a semiautmatic gets one free ,  along with a three - month tour of Afghanistan .  "   -  -  Peter Kaplan
28	News of the Stupid Dept :  
28	Friday Reads :  TURN DOWN THE LIGHTS ,  edited by  @ RichardChizmar .   My storys in great company !  
28	You’re the second guy I’ve met within hours who seems to think a gat in the hand means a world by the tail .  "   -  -  R .  Chandler ,  THE BIG SLEEP
28	“Such a lot of guns around town and so few brains .  .  . 
28	 " Unless one is inordinately fond of submission ,  one is always at war .  "   -  -  Philip Roth
28	 " Birds sing after a storm ;  why shouldnt people feel as free to delight in whatever remains to them ?  "   -  -  Rose Kennedy
28	“I guess all thats left is to love the fire . ”  -  -  Norman Mailer ,  ADVERTISEMENTS FOR MYSELF
28	“Just remember that Dumbo didnt need the feather ;  the magic was in him .  ”  -  -  Stephen King ,  ON WRITING
28	Friday Reads :  Ian McEwans SWEET TOOTH .   A love story about spies and books . 
28	“Ninety - nine percent of the worlds lovers are not with their first choice .  Thats what makes the jukebox play . ”  -  -  Willie Nelson
28	 " For those of you in the cheap seats Id like you to clap your hands on this one ;  the rest of you just rattle your jewelry .  "   -  -  John Lennon
28	 " Well ,  a girlfriend once told me ,  dont fight with anyone you dont love .  "   -  -  Jack Nicholson
28	 " Success is having to worry about every damn thing in the world ,  except money .  "   -  -  Johnny Cash
28	 " You gotta have a swine to show you where the truffles are .  "   -  - Edward Albee
28	Friday Reads :  HOLES FOR FACES ,  short stories by Ramsey Campbell
28	My story THE WESTERN DEAD is in the new anthology TURN DOWN THE LIGHTS ,  from  @ CemeteryDance :  
28	 " Reality isnt always middle class .  "   -  -  Ian McEwan ,  SWEET TOOTH
28	 " When you publish a book ,  its the worlds book .  The world edits it .  "   -  -  Philip Roth
28	it brings out the flavor ,  it’s indispensable . ”  -  -  Celine ,  JOURNEY TO THE END OF THE NIGHT
28	“In the kitchens of love ,  after all ,  vice is like the pepper in a good sauce ; 
28	 " A person is ,  among all else ,  a material thing ,  easily torn and not easily mended .  "   -  -  Ian McEwan ,  ATONEMENT
28	I have a story  (  " The Right Thing "  )  in CHIRAL MAD 2  -  an anthology benefitting Down Syndrome Charity .  Now available :  
28	HAIKU FOR MANDELAMandela is dead Near my bar a little girl Catches falling leaves 12 / 6 / 13
28	Horror Novel Reviews have declared today .  .  . um .  .  . Jack Ketchum Appreciation Day .  No kidding .  New interview ,  too :  
28	Friday Reads :  Tom Piccirillis THE WALLS OF THE CASTLE .   Noir meets Kafka .   Great fun ! 
28	News Flash !  MICHIGAN JOINS THE RANKS OF THE STUPID STATES !  
28	 " I dont try to describe the future ,  I try to prevent it .  "   -  -  Ray Bradbury
28	 .  .  . Nate Southard ,  Ryan Harding and Shane McKenzie . 
28	SIXTY - FIVE STIRRUP IRON ROAD is a round - robin novel I did with Edward Lee ,   @ BrianKeene ,   @ jfgonzalez ,   @ Bryan _ D _ Smith ,   @ WrathJW .  .  . 
28	SIXTY - FIVE STIRRUP IRON ROAD is now available .  NOTE :  this ones X rated ,  so keep the kids away .  Go here .  .  .  
28	My second Odyssey Workshop podcast ,  DONT WASTE MY TIME ,  is up at 
28	News of the Stupid Dept .  :  
28	 " Whatever prison I was in ,  I brought with me .  "   -  -  Tom Piccirilli ,  FACE BLINDNESS
28	 " Sometimes you get the best light from a burning bridge .  "   -  -  Don Henley
28	 " When one jumps over the edge ,  one is bound to land somewhere .  "   -  -  D .  H .  Lawrence
28	My story THE BOX is now in fine graphic form from Evil Jester Comics as of midnight tonight !  Go to 
28	Friday Reads :  SCREAMING SILVER by Abraham Kawa .   Going to the movies destroys the world
28	 " Every horror story is a love story gone really ,  really wrong .  "  Abraham Kawa ,  SCREAMING SILVER
28	 " I will show you fear in a handful of dust .  "   -  -  T .  S .  Eliot
28	 " Ambition is a dream with a V8 engine .  "   -  -  Elvis Presley
28	Half this shit I make up and Im still right ,  learned that in the 50s .  "   -  -  ANGELS IN AMERICA
28	 " You dont know what all I know .  I dont know what all I know .  .  . 
28	 " It’s not the load that breaks you down ;  it’s the way you carry it .  "   -  - Lena Horne
28	Grow The Hell Up Dept .  :  
28	 " No snowflake in an avalanche ever feels responsible .  "   -  - Stanislaw Lec
28	 " What was the worst thing youve ever done ?  "   -  -  Peter Straub ,  GHOST STORY
28	Theres a new freebie for download at 
28	 " Im all for bringing back the birch ,  but only between consenting adults .  "   -  -  Gore Vidal
28	NOTES FROM THE CAT HOUSE is also available on B & amp ; N :  and Smashwords :  
28	Im sticking my neck out with a book of poetry ,  NOTES FROM THE CAT HOUSE ,  available on Amazon :  
28	 " Id rather have a President botch a website than a war .  "   -  -  Carolyn Hinsey
28	 " Nobody likes a clown at midnight .  "   -  -  Stephen King
28	My story TWINS is now available in BEWARE THE DARK Magazine .  .  .  
28	 " Immature poets imitate ;  mature poets steal .  "   -  -  T .  S .  Eliot
28	You do it ,  it sucks ,  takes forever to come out ,  you forget ,  you do it again .  "   -  - Olivia Wilde
28	 " Checking luggage is like how I imagine childbirth to be .  .  . 
28	 " We are always the same age inside .  "   -  -  Gertrude Stein
28	There are stupid politicians even in Hawaii .  .  .   
28	late night Friday Reads :  THE SILENT LAND by Graham Joyce .   A ghost story ? 
28	 " Find out who you are and be that person .  "   -  -  Ellen DeGeneres
28	 " Make believe is not what it seems .  "   -  -  Me ,  at the home of  @ LuckyMcKee and Vanessa Menendez
28	Going away for a week ,  but I leave you with this :   " Home is a place that when you go there ,  they have to take you in .  "   -  -  Robert Frost
28	 " If I had eight hours to chop down a tree ,  I’d spend six hours sharpening my ax .  "   -  -  Abraham Lincoln
28	This is just incredibly wrong .  .  .  
28	Friday Reads :   @ JoyceCarolOates  MUD WOMAN .   Oates mastery of the complex nuances of character is amazing . 
28	 " Be of love a little more careful than of anything .  "   -   -  e . e .  cummings
28	You want scary ?  Ill give you scary .  .  .  
28	Seems to me this might be a worthy cause .  .  .  
28	 " Madness in individuals is rare but in nations ,  common .  "   -  -  Nietzsche
28	 " if you arent in over your head ,  how do you know how tall you are ?  "   -  -  t .  s .  eliot
28	 " Freedom lies in being bold .  "   -  -  Robert Frost
28	 " When a person can no longer laugh at himself ,  it is time for others to laugh at him .  "   -  -  Thomas Szasz
28	probably because it draws away the veils of illusion as it disappears .  "   -  -  Arthur Miller
28	 " Fear ,  like love ,  is difficult to explain after it has subsided .  .  . 
28	Friday Reads :  MOUNTAIN HOME by Bracken MacLeod .   Riveting debut novel .  .  . 
28	and Happy Halloween ! 
28	 " Those who would trade liberty for security will find that the decision has already been made for them .  "   -  -  Benjamin Franklin
28	 " I couldnt wait for success ,  so I went ahead without it .  "   -  -  Jonathan Winters
28	 " If it sounds like writing ,  I rewrite it .  "   -  -  Elmore Leonard
28	 " A poem is never finished ,  only abandoned .  "   -  -  Paul Valery
28	 " Gay marriage ,  pot ,  religions the next one to fall .  "   -  -  Bill Maher
28	Before you take your kids to Sea World or some similar  " amusement "  park ,  let the movie BLACKFISH break your heart . 
28	 " An idea is a feat of association .  "   -  -  Robert Frost
28	 " Whoever said diamonds are a girls best friend never owned a dog .  "   -  -  Anon . 
28	Friday Reads :  Finished Stephen Kings DOCTOR SLEEP ,  worthy ,  exciting successor to THE SHINING . 
28	 " The road to hell is paved with adverbs .  "   -  -  Stephen King
28	 " The hand that holds the money cracks the whip .  "   -  -  James M .  Cain ,  MILDRED PIERCE
28	 " We spend our time searching for security and hate it when we get it .  "   -  -  John Steinbeck
28	Friday Reads :  Just cracked Stephen Kings DOCTOR SLEEP . 
28	 " Write something ,  even if its just a suicide note .  "   -  -  Gore Vidal
28	 .  .  . but that they grow old and mean .  It will not happen to me . ”  -  -  Raymond Chandler ,  THE LONG GOODBYE
28	 " The tragedy of life ,  Howard ,  is not that the beautiful die young .  .  . 
28	Just been informed that OFF SEASON is now available in paperback and Kindle from Amazon .  .  .  
28	 " You want to lead an unconventional life ?  You better learn how to hide in plain sight .  "   -  -  MASTERS OF SEX
28	 " A Simple Habana Melody "  youre missing out on greatness . 
28	Oscar Hijuelos has died .  If you havent read  " THE MAMBO KINGS PLAY SONGS OF LOVE ,  "  The Fourteen Sisters of Emilio Montez OBrien "  or .  .  . 
28	 " It is useless to attempt to reason a man out of a thing he was never reasoned into .  "   -  -  Jonathan Swift
28	 " The difference between fiction and reality ?  Fiction has to make sense .  "   -  -  Tom Clancy
28	 " In many years I have come to a conclusion that one useless man is a shame ,  two is a law firm ,  and three or more is a congress .  "   - John Adams
28	Friday Reads :  PIRATE RADIO ,  the final novel by Rex Miller ,  written with John Maclay .  Fine fun noire ,  and a time capsule .  .  . 
28	 " You can’t get spoiled if you do your own ironing .  "   -  -  Meryl Streep
28	 " Men argue ;  nature acts .  "   -  -  Voltaire
28	So my quote today is yesterdays .  RIP ,  Uncle Phil . 
28	Phil Nutman ,  author of WET WORK and co - author of the screenplay for THE GIRL NEXT DOOR ,  died last night .  He was a dear friend of many years . 
28	 " Though lovers be lost love shall not And death shall have no dominion .  "    -  -  Dylan Thomas
28	and a Lennie - and - George realtionship with something called Dick Cheney .  "   -  -  Bill Maher
28	the real Y2K threat was a privileged Texas dry drunk with a mean streak ,  a staggering lack of intellectual curiosity .  .  . 
28	 " We entered the century afraid that a computer glitch would ruin our economy and our defenses and plunge us into chaos .  .  . 
28	 " You cant keep coming back with the same show .  Unless you get offstage you cant make another entrance .  "   -  -  Lorne Michaels
28	“More weight .  Add more stones . ”  -  -  Giles Corey ,  accused Massachusetts Bay witch .  They did .  He died .  He never confessed
28	You decide whats good You decide alone .  .  .  "   -  -  Stephen Sondheim ,  NO ONE IS ALONE
28	 " Sometimes people leave you Halfway through the wood Others may deceive you .  .  . 
28	 " The trouble about man is twofold :  He cannot learn truths which are too complicated ;  he forgets truths which are too simple .  "   -  - Rebecca West
28	 " Canada .  .  . its like a sweet apartment over a meth lab .  "   -  -  Robin Williams
28	Friday Reads :  SHOCK TOTEM  # 7 ,  which continues to deliver the goods in spades . 
28	 " I went to rehab in wine country ,  just to keep my options open .  "   -  -  Robin Williams
28	 " The long - term accommodation that protects marriage and other such relationships is forgetfulness .  "   -  -  Alice Walker
28	 " There are no foreign lands .  It is the traveler only who is foreign .  "   -  -  Robert Louis Stevenson
28	 " Crime is art for lazy people .  "   -  -  Cee Lo Green
28	about heartbreak ,  rejection ,  pain ,  misery ,  and loss .  "   -  -  Nick Hornby
28	Nobody worries about kids listening to thousands ,  literally thousands ,  of songs .  .  . 
28	 " People worry about kids playing with guns or watching violent videos .  .  .  . 
28	 " All the world’s a stage ,  and most of us are desperately unrehearsed .  "   -  -  Seán O’Casey
28	Friday Reads :   Cemetery Dance  # 70 .    @ LuckyMcKee and I are in it with SQUIRRELY SHIRLEY ,  and some very  fine company . 
28	 " Genuine poetry can communicate before it is understood .  "   -  -  t . s .  eliot
28	 " Outside of a dog ,  a book is a mans best friend .  Inside of a dog its too dark to read .  "   -  -  Groucho Marx
28	My piece for NECON 2006 ,  PRESENTING EDWARD LEE is now available as a free download  -  
28	 " Its easy to become a millionaire  -  start out as a billionaire ,  and then buy an airline .  "   -  -  Richard Branson
28	 " It isn’t the mountain ahead that wears you out ;  it’s the pebble in your shoe .  "   -  -  Muhammad Ali
28	But in our century ,  they want to be entertained .  "   -  -  Michael Crichton
28	 " In other centuries ,  human beings wanted to be saved ,  or improved ,  or freed ,  or educated .  .  . 
28	Property Sign :  DANGER .  THE DOG HAS A GUN AND REFUSES TO TAKE HIS MEDICATION . 
28	and afterwards she gets up ,  goes to her purse and gives me a handful of money . ”  -  -  Charles Bukowski
28	“Writing is like going to bed with a beautiful woman .  .  . 
28	then cheese graters and electric drills and large knives with serrated edges arent going to do it either .  "   -  -  Robert Devereaux
28	 " If kind words and gentle persuasion dont get you what you want .  .  . 
28	Friday Reads :  D . O . A . 2 ,  edited by David C .  Hayes  & amp ;  Jack Burton .   Checking out the company .  .  . 
28	 " A right is a responsibility in reverse .  "   -  -  E . B .  White
28	I did a series of lectures recently for the Odyssey Writers Workshop .  Heres a podcase of one of them .  .  .   
28	Congrats to Tina Hall and the Van Goghs Ear Anthology Series .  .  .   
28	 " There is one other reason for dressing well ,  namely that dogs respect it ,  and will not attack you in good clothes .  "   -  -  Ralph Waldo Emerson
28	A friend ,  on Ariel Castros suicide :   " My hats off to the prison guard who looked the other way when that dirtbag climbed onto the chair .  " 
28	I have learned that it bears a striking resemblance to the first .  "   -  -  Ronald Reagan
28	 " It has been said that politics is the second oldest profession .  .  . 
28	Highly unusual for me to quote the Gipper ,  but .  .  . 
28	 " Ive never seen In the whole of my life An intelligent sacrifice .  "   -  -  Janis Ian ,  DANCE WITH ME
28	 " There is a certain combination of anarchy and discipline in the way I work .  "   -  -  Robert de Niro
28	Well Ill take their word I dont know But Im dizzy so maybe thats so "   -  -  Jesse Winchester ,  DEFYING GRAVITY
28	 " I dont even know where we areBut they tell us were circling a star .  .  . 
28	 " And its partner found ,  its partner lost  and its hell to pay when the fiddler stops  Its CLOSING TIME "   -  -  Leonard Cohen
28	Friday Reads :  Jeff Guins MANSON :  THE LIFE AND TIMES OF CHARLES MANSON .  Fascinating look at human interaction with an evil guy in the middle
28	Im LOVING this .  .  .  
28	 " Some of us just like to read .  "   -  -   @ ladygaga ,  APPLAUSE
28	Check out this short film by a reader of mine .  Lovely ,  haunting ,  and touching .  
28	The PTC should get a grip and try parenting .  .  .  
28	 " The essence of immorality is the tendency to make an exception of one’s self .  "   -  -  Jane Addams
28	 " A goal is a dream with a deadline .  "   -  -  Napoleon Hill
28	 " It takes 20 years to build a reputation ,  and five minutes to ruin it .  "   -  -  Warren Buffett
28	 " Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority ,  it is time to pause and reflect .  "   -  -  Mark Twain
28	Friday Reads :  Terry Moores RACHEL RISING .   Fun ,  smart graphic novel . 
28	sometimes they forgive them .  "   -  - Oscar Wilde ,  THE PICTURE OF DORIAN GRAY
28	 " Children begin by loving their parents ;  as they grow older they judge them .  .  . 
28	EYES LEFT ,  by me and Edward Lee ,  has been translated into Russian .  Go to DARKER ,  at 
28	is nothing more than the rim shot that accompanies the punch line .  "   -  -  Michael Chabon ,  THE GOD OF DARK LAUGHTER
28	our appalling genius for devising such explanations .  .  . 
28	 "  .  .  . the world is an ungettable joke ,  and our human need to explain its wonders and horrors .  .  . 
28	Emore Leonard is dead .  Weve lost one of our truly great writers .  Heres to you ,  Doc .  
28	 " I wish I could write as mysterious as a cat .  "   -  -  E . A .  Poe
28	 " What a wonderful time not to have disappeared .  "   -  -  CITY ISLAND
28	 " Hell is empty and all the devils are here .  "   -  -  Willie the Shake ,  THE TEMPEST
28	to be unable to tell another person what you really feel .  "   -  -  Roger Ebert
28	 " Of the many imprisonments possible in our world ,  one of the worst must be to be inarticulate—
28	Friday Reads :  Erin Morgensterns THE NIGHT CIRCUS .   In a word ?   Wonderful ! 
28	 " Wit has truth in it ;  wise - cracking is simply calisthenics with words .  "   -  -  Dorothy Parker
28	 " The scars last longer than the game .  .  .  "   -  -  Erin Morgenstern  -  -  THE NIGHT CIRCUS
28	 " Be the first to not do what nobody has ever thought of not doing before .  "   -  -  Brian Eno
28	 " I care not much for a mans religion whose dog and cat are not the better for it .  "   -  -  Abraham Lincoln
28	On fame ,  and maybe life .  .  .  "  Never be hot .  Always be warm .  "   -  -  Bob Balaban
28	 " I dont expect much .  Just to go a little of our way together .  "   -  -  Terrence Malick
28	 " No sex ,  no drugs ,  no wine ,  no women No fun ,  no sin ,  no you ,  no wonder its dark "   -  The Vapors ,  TURNING JAPANESE .  
28	Just when you thought the zombie novel was dead ,  Beth breathes life into em with a wholly original take . 
28	Friday Reads :  Elizabeth Massies DESPER HOLLOW . 
28	Im thinking that  " tragic accident "  is the most overused oxymoron in the English language .  Anyone with me ? 
28	Men alone are quite capable of every wickedness .  "   -  -  Joseph Conrad ,  UNDER WESTERN EYES
28	 " The belief in a supernatural source of evil is not necessary .  .  . 
28	 " My friends are my estate "   -  Emily Dickinson
28	and his punishment is that he sees the dawn before the rest of the world .  "   -  -  Oscar Wilde
28	 " A dreamer is one who can only find his way by moonlight .  .  . 
28	Quick Fire Interview with me is now live :  
28	 " Some people talk to animals .  Not many listen though .  Thats the problem .  "   -  -  A . A .  Milne ,  WINNIE - THE - POOH
28	 " No matter what side of an argument you’re on ,  you always find some people on your side that you wish were on the other side "  - Jascha Heifetz
28	RISE !  Tell Time Warner Cable youll switch servers if theres no DEXTER tomorrow night !  I mean ,  just sayin .  .  . 
