2	Words fail me .  The utter incompetence of a man apparently educated  -  presumably in corporate school on Mars ?  .  .  .  
2	Help protect  " news "  .  
2	I posted a new photo to Facebook 
2	I posted a new photo to Facebook 
2	As Paul Stamets says ,   " mushrooms can save the world "  .  
2	Yet another reason to move away from fossil fuel .  
2	Please like Mollie Smiths school project !  
2	I posted a new photo to Facebook 
2	A good time to remember this at a time of great excess .  
2	Happy New Year to everyone .  
2	Do you support the pig idea ?  I do .  
2	Ólafur Ragnar Grímsson Icelands elected president since 1996 ,  a man clearly not a puppet of big business like .  .  .  
2	“So many problems were down to farming , ” “What we need is a system that doesn’t cause long term damage to the .  .  .  
2	Nelson Mandela was deeply radical and controversial but his own man and that cannot be said for our corporate .  .  .  
2	Incredible film showing the Lion whisperer Kevin Richardson and his Lions .  But how sad is it that we keep .  .  .  
2	Come on !  We ALL need to write letters like this ,  EVERY week and tell those in power ,  that have been elected to .  .  .  
2	
2	I posted a new photo to Facebook 
2	A claim oft - repeated this week in Warsaw :  High - efficiency coal is a climate solution . Except it isn’t ,  says a .  .  .  
2	Dont loose your Toyota key !  Here we have Ian  & amp ;  Andy dismantling the facia to remove the imobiliser box to .  .  .  
2	Could the system be flawed perhaps ?  Banking system and bankers always seem to be at the heart of our financial .  .  .  
2	The tide will always turn .  
2	Lets be clear  -  Tory and Lib Dem MPs have decided terminal cancer patients should work or starve 
2	What is the difference between agriculture and horticulture ?  An inspiration talk by Toby Hemenway that helps to .  .  .  
2	I posted a new photo to Facebook 
2	
2	Wow how little do we understand and why was this not taught in school ?   " Nature is a perfect system ,  its .  .  .  
2	Homeless dog living in a trash pile gets rescued ,  and then does something amazing !  
2	The fascinating and wise Elder Brothers of the Kogi people trying to teach us the Younger Brothers .  
2	 @ bealers  absolutely !  I think I am a  ( fairly )  normal fella and never dated girls that looked like boys . 
2	Is climate change real is no longer a question .  The case has been conclusively proven and we are ourselves fools .  .  .  
2	We Will Drive Them To The Airport 
2	Cheats and whores I say ?  This is the first time our elected government has got into bed with Monsanto .  Dr Brian .  .  .  
2	Ruabon Cemetery Wood  -  proposed plan ,  comment welcome !  
2	Wonderful day with the Dragon Orchard crop sharers .  This afternoon visiting Kemply Barns  & amp ;  the biggest perry .  .  .  
2	A little plug for local company SST .  We recently had our security system upgraded by SST and feel the excellent .  .  .  
2	Monsanto ex - employee to removes paper linking GM maize to cancer .  .  .  .  
2	Sometime the problem can be the solution .  
2	If only we could be as wise and knowledgeable as our ancestors 5 , 000 years ago .  Personally I found this much more .  .  .  
2	Hibernot is definitely for me .  
2	It can be done ,  hers how ,  lets find a way every where .  
2	Have you watched  " No Fire Zone "  ?  You will like me be disgusted how the establishment condones these war crimes .  .  .  
2	The resilience of nature demonstrated in Chernobyl .  
2	The Arctic Sunrise was seized at gunpoint by Russian commandos in international waters on September 19th this .  .  .  
2	Merry Christmas to all our customers ,  hope you have a good one  & amp ;  look forward to seeing you in 2014 .  
2	Text ,  email ,  ring or message if you are interested .  
2	The remarkable similarities between Fritz Sauckel and Iain Duncan Smith 
2	Much better than nuclear ,  gas or coal in my opinion .  
2	
2	From the minutes of the 30th October Ruabon Community Council meeting .   " 6 . 3 Woodland Trust Bid – Councillor .  .  .  
2	Do you want to save 25 %  on labour charges ?   " Research revealed that the average price difference between .  .  .  
2	National Tree Week 
2	By shifting priority from the car to the people Oklahoma City has started a spiral of abundance .  
2	A dead whale just washed ashore .  What they found in its belly implicates Tesco ,  Carrefour and Aldi .  
2	Applications for judicial reviews have risen three fold from 4 , 500 in 1998 to 12 , 400 in 2012 ,  and often take more .  .  .  
2	I posted a new photo to Facebook 
2	After an excellent apple pruning course at Pen Dinas ,  community garden in Newtown today I am going to prune my .  .  .  
2	 @ HughesGeraint Are you free this evening about 7 . 00 to pan our moves ? 
2	How about one of these as a courtesy vehicle ?  
2	We do not inherit the earth from our ancestors ,  we borrow it from our children .  So true .  
2	Looking forward to Joanna Smiths Chestnut bread !  
2	Please sign  & amp ;  share .  
2	Geeks among you will share my passion for the ur quattro I am sure .  
2	Now this is a good idea !  
2	We are really pleased to have been able to help our local Baschurch Pre - School with some new kit .  
2	Lobbying isnt enough ,  so corporations are creating secret courts to overturn our laws .  
2	Royal Marine found guilty of murder for battlefield execution of injured Taliban fighter 
2	More shite from public schooled corporate puppets .  “It just isn’t true that fracking is going to destroy the .  .  .  
2	Who is going to joint me on the compost master class ?  
2	I posted a new photo to Facebook 
2	Growing Ruabon – A community growing together . Growing Ruabon Ltd is a new company limited by guarantee set up .  .  .  
2	Is this the end of the Co - op ?  
2	Have you tried our Android App ?  
2	Kind words left by another customer today .  They make it all worthwhile .   " As always i was completely satisfied .  .  .  
2	The dice are loaded against 95 %  of the population .  
2	We dont need an American  " Black Friday "  in the UK do we ?  
2	That is a cracking idea when can we start here ?  
2	Another  " climate change disaster "  ?  Only read about this unprecedented freak storm today as it clearly was not  " news "  .  
2	
2	More proof that understanding and working with nature is more successful than trying to control it .  
2	Where Do We Go From Here ?  
2	I posted a new photo to Facebook 
2	A thought worth remembering I think .  
2	 .  
2	No contest really ,  so why do we have the wrong system ?  Corporate greed perhaps ?  
2	With a building full of rodents I guess it must be difficult to know which ones to poison ?  
2	Enjoying Joshuas birthday party .  
2	If the past three winters have been anything to go by ,  then we can soon expect some challenging driving conditions .  .  .  
2	TPMS can save money and we have this excellent system for £132 incl vat and currently with free fit . 
2	An excellent example of 18th century assets re - purposed for the 21st century . The aim of the project is to .  .  .  
2	Two more heart warming reviews left by two more of our lovely customers ,  many thanks .  " the service is brilliant .  .  .  
2	And available to pre - order even in the UK now .  
2	Thanks for the cakes Amy .  Everyone is jealous that mine has silver buttons .  Xx 
2	An interesting item on the corruption and incompetence of the system .  
2	I posted a new photo to Facebook 
2	Why winter tyres ?  Safety first ! Winter tyres are made from a softer rubber mixture ,  which is why they have a .  .  .  
2	I posted a new photo to Facebook 
2	“This lends urgency to our work .  I think we need to be twice as strong as Typhoon Haiyan . ” 
2	 @ foxysteph absolutely just use LETS  & amp ;  community loans
2	Ultimate Raw Vegan Ice Cream Sandwich 
2	Dear Julie GirlingI feel compelled to write to you because I am worried about the proposed new law regulating .  .  .  
2	Inflammation in the artery wall is the real cause of heart disease and is slowly leading to a paradigm shift in .  .  .  
2	Great to see a design becoming reality .  
2	Why giving is good for you .   " individuals who spent money on others—who engaged in what we call “prosocial .  .  .  
2	A fat greedy bxxxxxxx with the morals of a sewer rat !  And as a transport minister he is nearly as capable as a .  .  .  
2	Taking a PDC should be mandatory before leaving school .  
2	Obscene wealth of unhappy people ?  
2	The crime is harming our planet in the clamour to take oil .  
2	Sad to see one of my person heros of the 1970s pass away .  RIP Lewis Collins 
2	Help required soon .  
2	An excellent start .  
2	Are you looking for an economical car ?  Toyota Prius T Spirit hybrid is a good choice .  A good Friend Nick is .  .  .  
2	Fact or fiction ?  With MPs feathering their own nests its difficult to decide .  
2	It made my eyes mist over to read Normans description of Zeikis farewell to .  
2	Great afternoon in the company of good friends and a lovely walk above Llanidlloes .  Thanks Joanna Smith ,  Nia Rt and family . 
2	Who is going to this event ?  
2	Is this the future for the UK ?  With current government policy I fear it could be .  
2	Feels quiet at our house today ,  but we had a wonderful time with Greg Smith ,  Claire Smith ,  Joshua  & amp ;  Mavis Ashurst .  .  .  
2	Looking for a garage that you can trust or want to nominate a good garage on your area ?  We would love you to .  .  .  
2	When will reality hit and real change take place ?  
2	Having fun Wassailing . 
2	I posted a new photo to Facebook 
2	I posted a new photo to Facebook 
2	They rest while I chop logs to keep the fire in and them warm .  Must remember to come back as a dog .  
2	Bastards !  
2	The best idea yet !  
2	Great new logo for the party in power ,  many thanks Tom Pride is not Spam 
2	Wow our second crop of Chanterelle  mushrooms are growing really fast .  
2	Christmas party and greasy pole in Dec 2002 with Laurie Bridle 
2	I posted a new photo to Facebook 
2	How strange ,  I passed a council gritter on my way to work just now ,  flashing lights on ,  but the air temp is  + 9C .  Must check the  ~  # weather
2	How to make maths fun .  
2	Sadly bullies will abuse the community and the legal system anywhere if it suits them .  
2	Winter tyres ?  How about this European winner ?  
2	How mushrooms can save us and the world an excellent item by Paul Stamets 
2	Looking for a DAB radio for the car ?  We have a superb low cost option .  Makes a good Christmas present too .  Give us .  .  .  
2	It is National Tree Week this week ,  lets hope we soon get chance to start planting Ruabons Cemetery Wood .  
2	Tyre pressure monitoring can save your tyre in the event of a puncture .  TB99 is our newest model for cars and .  .  .  
2	I have put a link on the  " Growing Ruabon "  group page 
2	It is worth checking you have a suitable license to tow .  
2	Money makes you mean ,  but it doesnt have to be that way .  “The problem with capitalism is that at its best it .  .  .  
2	Sat morning  @  Bridge End Cottage .  Jazz sharing bed with Doris ,  Della ,  Daisee ,  Dorcas  & amp ;  Joanna Smith 
2	I posted a new photo to Facebook 
2	thanks Claire Smith will have a go at making one of these .  
2	Just spotted a fox in the garden .  I bet the ducks  & amp ;  hens will be glad they have a strong pen this morning 
2	Cameron get a grip !  What a farce !  Clearly these recipients living abroad are wealthy enough to live abroad so why .  .  .  
2	Take care ,  I have never heard of this illness but have heard of dogs contracting it on country walks when on holiday .  
2	The season of wild salad is still with us .  
2	I posted a new photo to Facebook 
2	I posted a new photo to Facebook 
2	With a cold start this morning its probably a good time to think about the winter ahead .  Please call in for us to .  .  .  
2	Well done Neil Young ,  will the UK artists do the same for us ?  
2	It strikes me things are not right when this is reported in  " The Voice of Russia "  !  The UKs environment minister .  .  .  
2	Are Camerons attacks on the Guardian revenge for his friends present legal difficulties ?  
2	 @ PermaGoddess Thanks for the follow .  Love reading your blog . 
2	 @ Greengrumbler But benefits will be withdrawn as the money runs out .  Even now central gov are trying to steal from community councils
2	Do you think we may be  " Britains Frendliest Business "  ?  A customer suggested we should enter so I am asking you ,  .  .  .  
2	Looking for winter tyres ?  Give me a ring 01939 260702 0r look at our website 
2	Help support Colin and the Arctic 30 .  
2	 " He who may feel lonely or strange ,  who may be labelled as  " arrogant "  and  " misguided "  as you respond with anger ,  .  .  .  
2	Looking forward to seeing this new documentary as soon as it is released .  
2	The newsletter for Ruabon ,  thanks to Sybil Bremner .  
2	I posted a new photo to Facebook 
2	I posted a new photo to Facebook 
2	A significant feat and in a standard production vehicle .  
2	A warmed climate world will a scary place to be .  
2	The complete irony of an Environment Minister plotting to destroying the environment .  The world has gone mad .  
2	Red Rock Salt in 25KG bags for £4 . 95 each ,  collected from the garage .  
2	
2	I posted a new photo to Facebook 
2	So true .  
2	Tempsfords secret airfield .  So many stories started here .  Thanks Greg Smith bet you dont remember playing in .  .  .  
2	 " What they are really saying is that there is still time to avoid catastrophic warming ,  but not within the rules .  .  .  
2	I posted a new photo to Facebook 
2	It appeared so damaging that scientists warned that Americas corn - for - ethanol policy would fail as an .  .  .  
2	Need tyres ?  There is still chance to enter the competition to win a new car .  Give us a call 01939 260702 
2	Very pleased Church Road Garage  -  Baschurch was able to assist ,  please ask again .  xxx 
2	I posted a new photo to Facebook 
2	Have they even heard of SADIMET ?  Big ideas but without a sound plan ?  Surely more effort in the design process .  .  .  
2	Spot on Tom ,  couldnt agree more .  
2	Looking for ethical investments ?  How about this one ?  
2	I posted a new photo to Facebook 
2	We have a number of sound models to copy to overcome this problem .  The Cuban food crisis of 1989 and its response .  .  .  
2	Someone has to tell it how it is ,  thank you Steve .  
2	We are going to give away a Haynes V8 Engine Kit to a customer next week .  It will make a great Christmas present !  .  .  .  
2	I just started following Regrarians Ltd .  on Vimeo :  
2	Ready for a much needed back treatment with Bethan of Spring back .  
2	A vile activity of the even more vile rich .  
2	The arrogance of corporate puppet MPs ?   " When we said  " Hang Mandela "  we didnt mean he should be hung in a .  .  .  
2	Some more heart warming feedback on a Monday morning ! To use this garage is like dealing with old friends .  They .  .  .  
2	Are you looking for an economical car ?  Toyota Prius T Spirit hybrid is a good choice .  A good Friend Nick is .  .  .  
2	Lets celebrate those heros that did not act to gain fame .  
2	Each time I watch this I am amazed .  
2	 " Many of the other people who today are uttering bland platitudes about the dead Mandela will go back tomorrow to .  .  .  
2	I posted a new photo to Facebook 
2	
2	The GMO tide will turn !  Two years ago ,  he planted 320 acres of conventional corn and 1 , 700 with GMO corn .  To his .  .  .  
