18	When one door closes another one opens  :  -  ) 
18	looking foward to shopping for our outfits  :  ) 
18	woo bk on here .  .  .  .  .  Xx
18	 @ Aisleyne1 couldnt of put it better hun ,  kris has got 2 go  !  !  ! 
18	lola can bum shuffle @  nine months
18	 " I dont know the key to success ,  but the key to failure is trying to please everybody .  " 
18	 @ MrPeterAndre  amazin song ,  u have done ur self proud .  wt a come back .  congrats pete ur hard work has paid off hun  :  )  luv susan & lola 9mnthsx
18	kiss me thru the phone see u l8r on ,  see you wen i get home ,  she got my fone like dat da dadt daddada
18	arrrgh why do men always sulk lmao o
18	luvvin ne -  yo always makes wicked tunes  :  )  muwwah gotta luv em xxxx
18	♥♥ what can i do .  .  .  , coz its too late ,  no escape baby mite aswell face it were stuck wit each other ,  stuck in love with each other ♥♥
18	 @ ThisisDavina aww haha im trying to rock my daughter 8mnths to sleep .  .  .  .  still cnt get use to twitter ,  hw luki kids sleepin ,  gotta luv bbxx
18	 @ stevieanne2005 heya chick hows lolas bf doin muwwwah xxx
18	hassxc new hair babbby x x x x  lola is kisasing herself in the mirrr lmfao
18	am wide awake but lola woke up moanin and stu half asleep sarted rocking the wardrobe door thinkin it was her rockin bed looool so funni xxx
18	 @ Jkyleofficial haha oh yes !  my daughter  &  i sit and watch it wen we get the time 2 ,  when im not busy playing or cleaning the house ! 
18	 @ Jkyleofficial jezza kp up the gd work ,  ur honesty is brill and hpe ur enjoyn the sunshine wit ur beautiful kids .  luv susan &  lola 8mnthsxx
18	 @ stevieanne2005  heya i no lol i still  aint got used to twittering ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  wots it all ,  about lol
18	♥♥♥ i love my man stu ,  seeing how amazing he is as a dad makes me lve him more ♥♥♥ i love having our own family ,  its the best feelin eva ♥♥♥
18	lola is wide awake ahhhhh mite aswell do myself a cuppa  :  )  shes spose to nap after each meal x x x
18	 @ MrPeterAndre just been watchin the tv show on itv2 on sky record n just wanted to say ur album tracks u played sound amazin ,  luvin it bbe x
18	oooooooh as u can see i can not spell in  the morning .   but as for MJ it makes u realise to live ur life to the max  &  enjoy it .   xxx
18	only heard just got interent on .  god rest his soul ,  like they say god must be missin an angel BIG nfluence on music noone can deny his talen
18	o . mg MJ i only just heard r . i . p he was such a talented man god rest his soul . 
18	hmm well im watching yet more in the night garden .  .  .  .  my daughter 8 mnths old and cant get enuf of iggle piggle etc awww bless .  . 
18	 @ MissKatiePrice the only guy worth your tears is the one who dont make u  cry  ;  ) 
18	 @ MissKatiePrice  it isnt right that the press  have done this .  it is hard whenany1 goes thru a break up .  just keep on lovin life katie x
18	is watching in the night garden its the only thing that soothes lola xx
18	is tired the ther half was gne to wrk at 4am !  !  !  !  so am nw listening to lola moan ,  gtta put her dwn for a nap ,  ahh i guess its all go go go x
18	i am goin to make lola some toast soilders with jam on and sum porridge lol
