0	Joan Baez on vinyl for £3 ?  Whod argue with that ?   
0	Good is not enough if better is possible 
0	Seven things you should know about Dr Dres headphones empire ,  Beats Music 
0	 @ mmm _ newcastle  @ GrahamStokoe sounds like it’s the perfect beer for chilli fans .  Can’t wait to try it . 
0	Hate  # Spotify ?  Then why not start your own subscription service ?   # MusicStreaming via  @ digitalmusicnws
0	Anyone know who’s supporting  @ PEACE4EVEREVER at  @ DigitalNCL tonight ?   # NEfollowers
0	 @ pete _ beat ha ha .  Yeah ,  The Soft Parade is poor .  LA Woman just edges it for me .  Strange Days comes pretty close ,  though . 
0	 @ GrahamStokoe yeah ,  and the “holidays are coming”  @ CocaCola advert…
0	 @ kid _ smoke cool .  Quite like what I’ve heard of them .  Better get in early then . 
0	Tis indeed :  RT  @ BenjiKRogers :  Tis the Season to Buy Vinyl  -  joy !   @ pledgemusic 
0	 .  @ PEACE4EVEREVER on tour .  They play  @ digitalNCL on December 1 
0	My best live show of 2013 ?  The Stone Roses at Glasgow Green ;  wish I’d been there the first time round 
0	Want to make a living as a session musician ?  If you’re on Tyneside you can learn how to do it here 
0	ICYMI :  What David Bowie can teach you about self - reinvention 
0	Where would we be without Xmas songs ?  Here’s CHVRCHES covering E17′s ‘94 festive favourite Stay Another Day 
0	 " Im gonna wave my freak flag high .  "   -  Jimi Hendrix  
0	 @ BenjiKRogers yeah ,  me too .  Writing about it doesn’t match the buzz of actually doing it . 
0	The top 50 albums of 2013 ,  according to  @ FasterLouder 
0	Attention electro fans ,  SBTRKTs got some new music .  Check it out here 
0	North East art - rock legends Maximo Park release their new album on February 3rd 
0	 @ mmm _ newcastle  @ GrahamStokoe yeah ,  I will be ! 
0	The full list of nominees for the 2014 Grammy awards 
0	 @ NathanWestley that’s good to know .  There are a few albums I could fancy writing about for that…
0	Great article on some classic books that can change your life ;  the Alchemist was a big one for me 
0	Drenge ;  a band who know all about feedback .  .  . 
0	Should you ever pay to play ?  I dont think so ,  but it can give you a bit of exposure youd otherwise miss 
0	Delighted that Hull won the race for Capital of Culture 2017 .  Bring on the Housemartins reunion 
0	RT  @ NME :   .  @ NME _ Radar presents the Top 50 New Band Songs of 2013 :  
0	Here The Orwells sleazy new single  " Dirty Sheets "  
0	Well ,  five in a row was probably too much to ask .  Bring on Utd on Saturday  # NUFC
0	How to get the most out of your music lessons 
0	 @ stylusboy yeah ,  no worries .  Just followed you back . 
0	Former Bluetone Mark Morriss still cutting it live at  @ o2academynewc 
0	The go - anywhere workspace 
0	The  @ GreggstheBakers festive bake is back  # TheTasteOfChristmas 
0	 " It was Christmas Eve ,  babe .  .  .  "   
0	 @ NathanWestley  @ johnrobb77 Too true .  My sister’s kids can tell you who The Ramones are .  The oldest’s seven . 
0	RT  @ digitalmusicnws :  The 21 Top Selling iTunes Albums of the Year… 
0	Fifty years of The Who exhibition to open in London 
0	The seven decisions for success 
0	 @ BenjiKRogers I can’t believe tapes are making a comeback .  Maybe I shouldn’t have thrown out my collection of ‘90s indie cassette singles . 
0	What does Amazons best - sellers list say about music fans in 2013 ?  
0	Cardiff at home ?  Could be worse 
0	What are streaming services actually paying artists ?   @ digitalmusicnws has the lowdown 
0	Goldfrapp have announced a nine - date UK tour for the Spring 
0	Whats better than a new Flaming Lips album ?  A Flaming Lips - curated Stone Roses tribute album ,  obviously 
0	 @ FelixWonderbra  @ ShortHelen  @ shortdoug  @ brendanacasey awesome .  Can’t wait to party like its 1996 . 
0	Want to spend Christmas with Iggy Pop ?  Then tune into 6music ;  itll beat the Queens speech ,  thats for sure 
0	“The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling ,  but in rising every time we fall . ”  -  Nelson Mandela 
0	My Google +  blogging challenge 
0	 @ NathanWestley no worries .  Will do !  What are you up to these days writing - wise ? 
0	 @ NathanWestley hey man ,  you still editing New Blood for  @ ArtrockerTV ?  Wouldn’t mind writing a few words on these 
0	Can’t believe Nirvana Unplugged is 20 years old ;  here’s where it ranks in  @ RollingStone’s best albums of the nineties 
0	Are you following the 80 / 20 rule of social media marketing ?  
0	 @ Ian _ Stokoe sounds like  @ SarahMains are doing the same ;  why should we have to pay £50 for a contract thats been the same for 5 years ? 
0	New Music :  Shannon and the Clams  -  The Rat House  ( Hardly Art )  
0	What have been the best music books of 2013 ?  Heres  @ NMEs rundown 
0	 @ PEACE4EVEREVER hey guys ,  who’s handling your PR in the UK these days ? 
0	Tenebrae ;  a bona fide giallo classic  # HorrorMovies 
0	 @ GrahamStokoe just been in for a beer .  It’s totally different .  Feels like a proper classy bar now . 
0	Watching L . A .  Confidential 
0	Just finished drafting my first eBook .  Now time for the real work
0	It’s that time of year again ;  check out  @ louderthanwar’s top 50 albums of 2013 
0	My top ten albums of 2013 
0	2014 is already looking like a decent year for music .  Looking forward to some of these ,  anyway :  
0	 @ GrahamStokoe yeah ,  I just flicked through their photos on Twitter .  Looks good .  You been in Fitzgerald’s since it’s been done out ? 
0	Watch Angel Haze explain why she leaked her debut album 
0	The donts of social media 
0	Ming City Rockers wanna get out of here .  I dont blame them ,  theyre from Immingham 
0	 @ pete _ beat yeah ,  I remember them well .  There’s still a fair bit of Robby Krieger in my guitar playing . 
0	 @ NathanWestley  @ stereogum same here .  Theres definitely a few Ill be pitching ! 
0	Collect moments ,  not things 
0	Some words I wrote on psych - pop shoegazers  @ sheenmusic for  @ GeneratorNE 
0	Don’t forget ,  kids ;   @ vinyljacketuk are playing  @ TheHeadOfSteam tonight .  Not to be missed 
0	“This is my music ,  it makes me proud , these are my people and this is my crowd…“ 
0	Coffee makes cool stuff happen 
0	12 most wise ways to use Twitter 
0	Shed Seven on Friday ;  The Damned tonight .  Not a bad weekend for music . 
0	How to market your personal brand on ten social media networks 
0	Anyone know who handles PR in the UK for Kings Of Leon ? 
0	Winding down with Dazed and Confused 
0	 @ GrahamStokoe Sky Sports  -  live from the Sholadome  ( via  @ reddit )  
0	 @ GrahamStokoe  @ FelixWonderbra me too .  Think I might point my browser at  @ bet365…
0	Do Arcade Fire need to pry themselves out of their own asshole ?  Noel Gallagher thinks so 
0	Anyone know who’s supporting The Damned at  @ o2academynewc tonight ?   @ damnedtwits  # NEFollowers
0	 @ DarliaSays hey guys ,  just heard the Knock Knock EP .  Top stuff .  Whos handling your PR ?  Might be interested in writing an article . 
0	 @ marlowwinter  @ kid _ smoke with better hair…
0	Paul McCartney sponsors a Japanese sumo wrestling team 
0	A little bit of karma in time for Xmas  
0	Some words I wrote on the rather brilliant  @ BLESSA _  for  @ GeneratorNE  
0	I’ll be aching tomorrow ,  that’s for sure . 
0	The audio cassette is making a comeback ,  apparently 
0	30 rockstar film and TV cameos you might have missed 
0	The new music industry’s week in review 
0	 @ GrahamStokoe haven’t had one this year .  Xmas wouldn’t be the same without them ,  though . 
0	Morrissey will pay tribute his idol when he releases a live version of Lou Reeds  " Satellite Of Love "  next month 
0	The Beatles albums from worst to best 
0	Just what the doctor ordered  @ pitcherandpiano  # HotToddy 
0	What you can learn about success from Bowfinger 
0	Why you should do your most important work on a Monday or Tuesday 
0	What better album for a chilled out Sunday morning than Macca’s solo debut ?  Mega 
0	 @ FelixWonderbra did you get tickets for Shed Seven in the end ?  
0	Rick Witter ;  rock legend 
0	 @ stylusboy yeah ,  that’s cool .  Send me the link and I’ll give it a spin . 
0	What better way to get over Xmas shopping than pie ,  mash  & amp ;  peas and a pint of Brooklyn ?   @ TheRedhouseNCL 
0	Christmas starts right here 
0	How 10 musicians make a decent living in todays music industry 
0	I’m not a big fan of Kings Of Leon ,  but I’m excited to see gigs making a return to St James’s Park 
0	Warpaint  -  Biggy  ( Rough Trade )  
0	Five steps to accomplishing anything 
0	Ten words to cut from your writing 
0	Technology didnt kill the music industry ,  the fans did 
0	Great to see Bombay Bicycle Club heading out on tour next year 
0	Not content with giving him a show about aliens ,  TV bosses are planning a Shaun Ryder biopic 
0	The Tao of the three drafts 
0	You can’t do a Kickstarter campaign if you’ve got no fans 
0	Nice of  @ SarahMains to suddenly charge an  " admin fee "  to renew the contract on our flat .  What about the all other times ? 
0	Great catching up with the legendary Lego Boy at  # ForthHotel ;  its been too long . 
0	Want to write a great chorus ?  Heres how to do it 
0	“Load up on drugs and kill your friends“ 
0	Maybe its time for a bit of inspiration 
0	21 suggestions for success 
0	 @ GrahamStokoe that looks pretty awesome .  Where’s that ?  In town ? 
0	Rock n roll lost one of its all - time greats yesterday ;  bye ,  bye Phil Everly 
0	Listen up North East music fans ;   @ vinyljacketuk play  @ TheHeadofSteam on December 16th .  Dont miss them 
0	Arcade Fire are headlining  # Glasto2014 ,  apparently 
0	Are we about to see music streaming services die off ?  
0	 @ grahamstokoe where did you get that chilli beer by the way ?  Could do with picking up a couple of bottles for an Xmas present .  
0	The Windows two - in - one ad makes their laptop - tablet combo look like the dullest piece of kit on earth . 
0	 @ NathanWestley reckon that’s pretty spot on .  Can’t really see anyone else headlining . 
0	 @ pete _ beat yeah ,  they were .  LA Woman is still one of my all - time favourite albums . 
0	Never thought I’d hear “Sonic Reducer” by The Dead Boys on a half - time advert on  @ SkySports
0	Look out  @ RollingStone ,  I’m back in the music writing game ;  it’s been far too long . 
0	What  @ johnrobb77 thinks of Kisss Rock n Roll Hall of Fame nomination 
0	Soundcloud turns five ;  heres how it transformed some artists lives 
0	Why the major label doesnt want your album 
0	Daft Punk will perform at next years Grammys 
0	The 100 most anticipated albums of 2014 ,  according to  @ stereogum 
0	Aching bones…
0	 @ GrahamStokoe  @ FelixWonderbra showboating at Old Trafford ?  Unbelievable 
0	Was Angel Haze right to self - leak her debut album ?  
0	A few words on The Damned at Newcastles O2 Academy 
0	Fancy abseiling off the top of St James’s Park ?  Well ,  you can .  And do your bit for charity 
0	Really can’t wait to get my ears round the new Warpaint album .  It’s been too long 
0	An online friend is a fan youre yet to meet 
0	Too early for Christmas curry ? 
0	 @ marlowwinter  @ kid _ smoke I don’t mind  @ PEACE4EVEREVER  like .  Take me back to my shoegaze school days . 
0	The first line - up announcement for  # RandL14 will be made on Tuesday .  Hope it’s a good one 
0	Remember Royksopp ?  Well theyre back with this cool little number 
0	Should you try using your smartphone for just 60 minutes a day ?  
0	Should the horse who kicked Dappy win a Brit for outstanding contribution to music ?  
0	The 13 best mixtapes of 2013 
0	Watch Peace cover Wham’s “Last Christmas” 
0	Want to buy vinyl by the pound ?  Better head to Seattle  
0	What David Bowie Can Teach You About Self - Reinvention :  In the 21st century ,  everyone leads multiple lives .  Lon .  .  .  
0	Who needs  # Xmas playlists when you can listen to  " Sonic Reducer "  by The Dead Boys ? 
0	Listen to The Flaming Lips cover The Stone Roses  " Elisabeth My Dear "  
0	Watch Jake Bugg cover The Beatles live at The Cavern in Liverpool 
0	The clock is running ;  how are you making the most of the day ?  
0	 @ NathanWestley same here .  Still doing bits and pieces but really need to sort out where my writing is going ;  maybe it’s time to write a book
0	Failures a part of life ;  heres how to embrace it 
0	RT  @ itsmikelike :  Christmas double issue of  @ nme  -  on sale now .  God bless these amazing coverlines ,  everyone 
0	Apparently ,  I’ve read more than a million words on  @ Pocket this year .  Wow . 
0	How acid house anthem  " Stakker Humanoid "  transformed British music 
0	Five questions you should ask yourself every morning 
0	The shoegaze revival starts here . 
0	The future of the music industry is in jeopardy 
0	What your favourite dead rockstars would look like now 
0	Nine mind - expanding philosophy books that are actually readable 
0	Metronomy have just announced details of a Spring UK tour .  Here are the dates 
0	Celebrate Boxing Day with The Sex Pistols 
0	Being successful doesnt mean working like the Energizer Bunny 
0	 @ CircaWaves hey guys ,  love the new single .  Who’s handling your PR ?  Wouldn’t mind getting in touch and organising an interview . 
0	Really getting into the orchestral indie of Brighton newcomers Lion Bark ;  well worth checking out 
0	The 21 top selling iTunes albums of 2013 
0	Are DJs the big new stars in entertainment ?  Giorgio Moroder thinks so 
0	The Beatles and Kraftwerk have been lined up for lifetime achievement Grammys .  About time ,  really 
0	 .  @ SPINmagazines best  # LongReads of 2013 
0	Ringo Starrs guest - starring in the Powerpuff Girls 
0	Blessa  -  Between Times  ( No Self Records )  
0	Still looking for your purpose in life ?  Then check out this advice from 20 - year - old Hunter S .  Thompson 
0	Forty - five artists that still sell a ton of CDs 
0	I’ve been shopping in  @ asda for 7 years and kitchen roll has always been in the same place .  Until today . 
0	Should you think about SEO when you’re choosing a name for your band ?  
0	This week’s  # TippingPoint is “Hey” by Sheen .  Find out what I think of it later on this week 
0	Happy birthday ,  Jim Morrison  # RockRoyalty 
0	 @ GrahamStokoe  @ FelixWonderbra would’ve been better if the aliens had told her  # NUFC would win the FA Cup 
