17	Fire Emblem not having a lot of success on Awesome Games Done Quick .  To be honest ,  its boring to watch . 
17	In case your day didnt start well :  
17	 @ tobie To be perfectly honest ,  even if it gets acquired ,  it is far more usable and powerful than a Sparrow for example . 
17	 @ tobie It is definitely worth much more ,  but the developers are just too nice with them .  Give me your thoughts once youll have tried it . 
17	Flying in helicopter is definitely not safe ,  after last month Glasgow accident ,  a new one in Norfolk  :  /  
17	 @ tobie If you decide to let go Mail ,  check out Airmail ,  its quite good and bug free in comparison to Apples client . 
17	Convincing win by  # Arsenal today .  Hopefully ,  Walcott wont be injured too badly .   # Gooners
17	L @ Odieuxconnard donne un bel éclairage sur la situation actuelle :  
17	First achievement of 2014 ,  I finished Binding of Isaac .   # achievementunlocked
17	 # Chrubuntu users out there ,  is it safe to upgrade to 13 . 10 with a Samsung chromebox ?   ( running 13 . 04 right now )  . 
17	Lets hope that  # Arsenal wont play like that this year ,  crossing my fingers for the second half . 
17	Time to watch the first game of  # Arsenal in 2014 ! 
17	 @ franzp Thank you for holding back the analogy . 
17	 # Dota2 can be the most infuriating game sometimes .  Had one of the worst game of my life ,  not sure I will ever play alone in the future…
17	Du fois gras sans gavage ,  une excellente nouvelle pour les gourmands soucieux de la condition animale :  
17	 @ aaronramsey Hello Aaron ,  here are my answers :  10 right foot ,  1 left foot ,  2 headers .  Thanks . 
17	 @ kilestfou  @ giggsgouch Je suis daccord que la presse devrait parler dautre chose .  Après Anelka anti - système ,  cest ironique quand même  ^  ^ 
17	 @ giggsgouch  @ kilestfou Faut pas déconner les gars il connait la polémique autour du geste ,  il peut sabstenir .  Provocation…
17	“ @ torgo :  Electric Cabs on London’s Streets in 2014 ?   / via  @ autobloggreen 
17	Btw  # OSX users ,  checkout airmail ,  excellent email client compatible with most services out there ! 
17	Hard to understand how a  # twitter client can be £14 ,  the free official client is rather okay .  If a  # tweetbot user can explain . 
17	Never read  # youtube comments ,  ever .  .  . 
17	Excellente vidéo rue le jeûne et ses potentiels effets thérapeutiques :  
17	 @ kevinmcdonagh  @ GooglePlay  @ AmazonKindle Had the opposite experience ,  layout on Googles would be horrible  ( especially on illustrated ones )  . 
17	“ @ TechCrunch :  Uber Now Has To Wait 15 Minutes Before Picking You Up In France 
17	 @ Paul _ Kinlan None .  The launch line up are terrible on both platforms  ( only good games exist on other support )  .  PC is the answer . 
17	One Two Three ,  Podolski !   # Arsenal
17	At last ,  Walcott scores . 
17	Dota 2 does not run great on  # osx ,  tried  # ubuntu instead but its even worse .  Will stick to the former . 
17	Dota 2 Solo Ranking  :  3170 .  Not sure if thats good or not ,  but I feel pretty satisfied of my ranking games . 
17	Brilliant idea to put cmd q to quit when playing Dora on Mac .  .  . 
17	My Macbook Air  ( top notch 2012 )  is actually disappointingly slow .  .  .  Next time ,  I will go for a higher spec . 
17	 @ SkyHelpTeam Please do it yes .  Thank you for your help . 
17	 @ SkyHelpTeam Finally back tonight .  Thank you .  How do you plan to compensate the people who got affected by the 3 days outage in London ? 
17	 @ SkyHelpTeam I know there is nothing you guys can do about people cutting cables but no Internet for 96 hours ,  thats a tough one . 
17	 @ SkyHelpTeam I really hope this will soon be fixed .  I have had no Internet since last night ,  11PM . 
17	 @ danvy Thats one way of seeing it  ;  ) 
17	 @ the _ doofy  @ SkyHelpTeam Having the same problem ,  no Internet for the past 45 minutes . 
17	When English / American difference costs you a lost of time :  optimise  !  =  =  optimize  .  .  .   # grunt  # requirejs
17	Why do some js libraries forget to include a dist version in  bower package ? Whats the point of using bower if I need to build your lib ? 
17	 @ tobie Ahah ,  the situation is not great but at least its the beginning of a solution .  I dont see a viable alternative any time soon . 
17	Grunt - usemin does not detect my revved files in my pre - compiled underscore templates ,  any idea why ?   # grunt  # underscore  / cc  @ addyosmani
17	You use the app cache  ( or plan to use it )  ,  then you must read that :  
17	This Super Mario World 3D is just awesome .  It justifies on its own buying a  # WiiU ,  you wont find that anywhere else . 
17	And Arsenal with a 7 points lead ,  that feels good ! 
17	Just bought Super Mario 3D World ,  the clerk asked me if it was for my little brother .  Guess a 28 years old has to play GTA or COD . 
17	Not sure I am looking very good right now ,  feeling very unwell since this morning but on my way to Paris .  Next step :  sleep in the Eurostar…
17	Our baby the  # libon web application  is finally out in public beta :  
17	Slides for the modern workflow presentation I gave yesterday are available :  
17	Remember to register by downloading the Libon application on iOS / Android and enjoy the Libon experience at 
17	Thanks to all the London HTML5 Codeshow attendees .  Had a great time thanks to you guys . 
17	 @ PaulRMortimer I think you are talking about Alfred ,  awesome launcher . 
17	 @ ynkal cheers mate
17	 # Firefox Australis  ( the new redesigned UI )  is available on nightlies ,  it looks neat in my opinion !  Try it out . 
17	Dont buy a console at launch ,  period .  
17	Jolla coming up at the end of the month ,  but will be hard to justify such a price for such low specs .  
17	RT  @ TelegraphSci :  Fizzy drinks can change your brain ,  warn scientists 
17	Had fun with Battlefield 4 ,  until it kept on crashing when joining a server .  Apparently some maps are bugged  :  / 
17	Hey guys !  If you want to donate to a good cause ,  and encourage facial pilosity ,  please visit my Movember teams :  
17	Arsenal !  Not deserved but feels good anyway ! 
17	Npm registry website painfully slow and disconnects after a while .  .  . 
17	 @ ramy _ boulet Youre very welcome  : D
17	Just bought a  # Nexus5 ,  cannot wait to ditch my iPhone 5 . 
17	Votre sentiment sur la Wii U ?  Les chiffres rappellent la Gamecube .  Pensez vous que MK8 / SSB / Super Mario World 3D peuvent la sauver ?   # Cest7
17	I understand Mozillas position ,  and praise their attachement to open standards ,  but this is a good day for the web :  
17	Show the world we want a phone worth keeping !   # phonebloks 
17	 @ Gamekult currently doing a retrospective on the Megadrive  ( in French )  .  I feel nostalgic ,  I loved that console :  
17	Listening to  # ABGT050 after having attended it live on Saturday feels awesome !  Thanks again  @ aboveandbeyond ,  I had been waiting for this ! 
17	 @ JM _ Aulas sans faire le grincheux ,  cest quand même décevant de voir que lon doit de satisfaire de la situation actuelle .  LOL vaut mieux . 
17	 @ Bitdefender more details :  stop showing popups for extending the licence .  Small notif in the notification area or after a scan would do ! 
17	Apple stupidity :  Download Mavericks ,  close installer because you dont want to install it now .  You need to download it again next time .  .  . 
17	 @ Bitdefender Youre not helping your case when I have actually just told you what was the issue .  I dont want spam when using my PC . 
17	Ca fait mal de voir Lyon se contentait dun 1 - 0 ,  on est vraiment fébrile .  Enfin bon ,  une victoire ,  enfin . 
17	When you have bought  # bitdefender ,  you also have to endure their stupid pop ups asking you to extend your licence .  Ill switch to smtg else . 
17	 @ Frederic _ Luu cest bien de se gargariser sur Zlatan mais faut pas oublier le niveau de lopposition !   ( Bastia et Anderlecht pour rappel ) 
17	Having a modal dialog when reaching 20 %  battery left seems outdated in 2013 . 
17	 @ lukew flatter ? 
17	This drum sound when starting a  # dota game :  you want to put war paint on yr face ,  hold your sword  & amp ;  scream while clicking the accept button ! 
17	You are now obliged to log in to a Google account when installing an extension on chrome ? 
17	Open space was invented for managers ,  the rest of us just suffer from productivity loss . 
17	Les trending topics en France ,  cest dune tristesse .  .  . 
17	 @ La _ FF It is the same phylosophy .  SteamOS can run on any machine ,  not only the Steam Boxes . I am convinced that the OS itself will be OSS . 
17	 @ La _ FF I am convinced that Valve has a good strategy betting on Linux for the future of gaming .  What they announced so far sounds good ! 
17	Eligible for Steam Box .  Would be awesome to be one of the first to embrace the future of video games on PC . 
17	 # GMail is horribly slow right now . 
17	The feature I miss from  # osx when using another OS  ( such as Linux )  is pairing network interfaces with different proxies .  Highly convenient . 
17	Google has a strong grip on  # android :  nothing new ,  but interesting to see the big picture of Googles strategy :  
17	Pinterest has supposedly replaced bookmarks ,  giving it a go . 
17	One game away from 50 %  win rate at Dota 2 ,  lets rock ! 
17	Un titre inimaginable il y a quelques années :  
17	 @ detronizator So you actually put stuff on Twitter just to get the approval of others ,  and dismiss criticism . 
17	 @ detronizator Why would you put that in a gist ?  I dont think you have proven anything through your answer ,  or through this ,  a bit pathetic . 
17	Windows can get complicated :  Had English US in language bar ,  despite no US keyboard setup .  Had to add it and remove it to get rid of it .  .  . 
17	Will finally start using vim more extensively ,  thats my challenge for the next few weeks ,  discover its magical power everyone praises . 
17	How to Stay Productive In an Open Working Environment 
17	 @ davidnoob Package and distribute through app stores .  .  Not ideal but its a start . 
17	Les forums  @ gamekult avec ses  " visionnaires "  qui prédisent un bide de SteamOS / Steam Box ,  on en reparle dans qq temps .  Qui croyait en Steam ? 
17	Hey  @ Arsenal ,  that would be awesome if you can make sure I get tickets for Arsenal - Chelsea .  Promised my brother whos coming from France ! 
17	I am doing my best to accept the new iOS7 design but god the twitter app header looks terrible . 
17	This is a brilliant comic :  
17	 # SteamOS yesterday ,   @ Nvidia now helping out on  # nouveau :  gaming is seriously taking off on  # Linux !  Great news .  
17	Here comes  # valveos ,  an open and customizable OS targeting gaming on TV .  I wished there was some videos out there ,  I am curious . 
17	Should have worked from home .  Stuck outside the building for the last 30 minutes due to a fire alarm . 
17	Could not delete an EFI protected partition using Windows Diskmgmt .  As usual HP USB tool to the rescue . 
17	Hey  # grunt users ,  what do you use to generate the  # documentation of your projects ? 
17	The solution to your mouse problem with OSX :  
17	 @ Ekynoxe Sorry I meant  " I was .  .  "  but I think I now have my own idea . 
17	 @ Poischich Cest par curiosité pour le jeu ,  ou cest pour faire un reportage en mode  " GTA banalise la violence ,  etc .  "   ? 
17	 @ Ekynoxe I am genuinely curious  ^  -  ^ 
17	 @ detronizator Do you mean you dont like it ? 
17	Ozil already doing an assist !  What a player ,  what a goal !   # Arsenal love ! 
17	This is actually a great idea ,  a phone worth keeping :  Phonebloks :  
17	 @ Meeea Je ne peux pas mempêcher dêtre content à lidée de replonger dans lunivers dHarry Potter ,  même si je sais quels sont les motiv . 
17	You must buy the new Humble Bundle ,  now .  All these games are awesome ,  and I will finally try out FEZ :  
17	 @ Frederic _ Luu Faut vraiment pas tweeter des choses comme ça ,  ou met un hashtag quon puisse mute  ( déjà fait sur tes tweets TopChef ) 
17	A huge water reserve has been discovered in Kenya ,  could solve their water problems :  
17	Finally an announcement ,  the chip in iPhone 5S is the first 64 bit chip in a smartphone .  Was expecting yet another 32 - bit one tbh . 
17	Des enfants gazés pendant leur sommeil .  Trop cest trop .  La solution passe par une diplomatie US - Iran sur la  # Syrie 
17	Ppull reques fixing   # SublimeText Brackets theme available on package control :  
17	In case someone is interested ,  I fixed the  # Brackets theme for  # SublimeText .  You can find it on  # Github :  
17	Dont install the  # 1password  # Firefox ext . on Aurora :  wont work even if you later use Firefox .  Del .  addon / OnePassword . sqlite and reinstall
17	 @ detronizator disagreeing ,  a lot . 
17	 @ kevinmcdonagh Attempt to block UK users to access the US catalog ? 
17	 @ UsulduFutur Un excellent opus Usul .  Encore merci dégayer mes dimanches monotones . 
17	Un très bon cru cette semaine au 3615 USUL :  
17	Elon Musk will never stop amazing us :  futuristic gesture interface  ( iron man style )  coupled with Occulus Rift :  
17	Amazon Matchbook :  what I have been waiting forever .  Finally able to enjoy physical and digital copies  @  low cost :  
17	Any busycal users out there ?  Have started using it and I dont see what justify its £21 price tag .  Am sure I must have missed something . 
17	Was expecting this website to be updated straight away :  
17	Arsene Wenger kept his promise ,  signing a top player !  So glad  @ MesutOzil1088 is now a gunner !  See you soon at the Emirates  # OzilIsAGunner
17	Ozil joins  # ArsenalFC ,  yes !  What a great signing by Wenger !  Cannot wait to see him play at the Emirates . 
17	If your kindle has a blank screen and it does not blink ,  even after holding the power button for 5s ,  try doing it for 20s ,  worked for me . 
17	Will definitely buy Rayman Legends on Wii U ! 
17	I dont understand the relationship between the video clip and the lyrics of This Is What It Feels Like of Armin Van Burren .  .  . 
17	Instacast for Mac ,  I hate you .  Sincelerely ,  Jean - Francois
17	Geek day today & gt ;  Bought myself a new router  ( Asus RT - N66U )  and a Razer mousepad ! 
17	 @ sgalineau At least they have stopped showing you these stupid popups  " New update .  .  "  .  OSX still does it ,  and you have to click them .  .  . 
17	Broadcast feature of  # grooveshark is a nice way to discover new styles and songs . 
17	Excellente expérience ce matin au consulat français de Londres ,  rapide ,  efficace ,  et très sympa . 
17	Finally ,  Elon Musk explains what the hyperloop actually is :  
17	 # Instacast on  # OSX ,  the only software that actually pauses your podcast to play the fetching sound .  Oh ,  and it does not unpause it when done
17	Amazed to see that they is no French casting for  # DOTA2  # TI3 . 
17	Our workplace is pretty damn cool . 
17	 @ Poischich En tout cas ,  si tu as des soucis de navigation avec GMaps ,  jette un oeil à Nokia Maps ,  fonctionne pas mal comme alternative . 
17	Hello  @ instacast  !  Great apps !  Have a problem with your desktop client though ,  the Apple media player keys dont work  ( holding alt or not )  . 
17	 @ Poischich Google Maps ne supporte pas le Japon officiellement si mes souvenirs sont bons . 
17	Some people should just been banned of playing  # DOTA2 ,  had the worst game ever ,  games like that just make we want delete the whole thing . 
17	Setting up a Stringer instance on my DO instance .  Importing an OPML generated using Feedly seems to fail .  Will need to fix that . 
17	Mackup :  OSX utility to synchronize your configuration files using Dropbox .  Sweet !  
17	“Young  & amp ;  Beautiful  ( Myon  & amp ;  Shane 54 Summer Of Love Mix ) ” by  @ LanaDelRey is my new jam .  
17	Installing this  # opera extension :  
17	Hey  @ opera ,  installed Opera 15 .  Great work .  Disappointed not being able to change the search engine for Duckduckgo . 
17	 @ mounirlamouri old CPU ? 
17	 @ holman However ,  I do think that university a brings you a lot ,  and that it represents a necessary knowledge base to kick off your life . 
17	 @ holman Unfortunately the case in the US .  Considering myself lucky :  have studied in France ,  esp .  after spending a year in a Canadian uni . 
17	 @ holman College is not only about learning how to program ,  school teaches you general knowledge ,  maths ,  science ,  history ,  etc . 
17	Your face to a gif :  
