3	My transformative icon :  UA Fanthorpe 
3	Neoliberal neopatriarchy :  the case for gender revolution 
3	The Law of University Protest :  Notes from the UK .  
3	TEACH IN :  PROTEST ON CAMPUS  -  NEW POSSIBILITIES Where :  Kent Centre for Law ,  Gender  & amp ;  Sexuality Common Room ,   ( cont )  
3	 @ Aheart4all I say all of this while conveniently on leave next term  ( though wish I wasnt in a way )  . 
3	How A Pretty Girl Could Make Herself Some Money ,  1845 
3	Oh  @ saltcanterbury does the byob policy apply to fancy beer from the Bottle Shop ? 
3	ESB formerly a good employer in Shannon region .  Sad to see workers conditions attacked .  Solidarity with strikers .  
3	Beautiful from Elena Loizidou  
3	Barbarians at the Gate 
3	Fantastic explanation of what its like to work as an academic now .  
3	 " Fuck being polite "  
3	Close to the bone .  .  .  
3	Really great discussion of protest in the university today with staff from  @ KentLawSchool and  @ UniKentEnglish .  More poems please ! 
3	 @ saltcanterbury Excellent . 
3	 @ Aheart4all  @ kentcriticallaw Fights round the Christmas dinner table ! 
3	I donated my  # feministtenner to  @ AbortionSupport
3	Wran boys .  .  . 
3	Cannot say how pleased I am to celebrate my birthday the day after we exit the bailout .   # sovereignatlast  # menof1916  # sarcasm
3	 @ eoinomahony You know ,  Im quite enjoying mine .  PMA .  Light at the end of the tunnel .   ( Lies )  . 
3	First read of some of the work  @ KentLawSchool  students have done on public service contracting .  Some great stuff .  Proud . 
3	 @ KentLawLive Sounds like we should do one of these every year . 
3	Excellent analysis of recent uni protests 
3	1 / 20th of Kent Law School is currently assembled in the Stags Head in Dublin . 
3	The student protests this week mark the handover to a new generation  |  openDemocracy :  
3	Suppression of Legitimate Student Protest :  University of Kent UCU statement University of Kent UCU strongly  ( cont )  
3	Police make arrests as Occupy Senate House broken up 
3	Racism and Hatevism Eroding Britain 
3	Watching friends facebook and twitter announcing their returns to UK ,  France etc after Xmas .  But I am in Ireland for 2 . 5 months !  Joy . 
3	Legal aid and BME lawyers 
3	Please have a look at this petition ,  it means a lot to me :  
3	We need to challenge the hegemonic common sense of market relations ,  of competitive individualism ,  of private ga… 
3	A Homage to the Ballyhea Debt Campaign :  It’s time for Ireland to Say No !  
3	A simple act of expropriation and enclosure 
3	Horrifying 
3	
3	Liberals should stop eulogising this reactionary Pope 
3	Post - Modern Absurdities :  Chomsky ,  Post - Structuralism and Science 
3	Have retweeted coverage of  # occupysh .  Terrifying spectacle .  How many students understand that uni management will do this to  " customers "  ? 
3	 @ spdonlan  @ limerickslife Hilarious .  Background ? 
3	Subtle racial discrimination and the market 
3	Smashing egoism :  against flashpoint action 
3	Britains black power movement is at risk of being forgotten ,  say historians 
3	My absolute fave is the  " best little country to do business "  .  JUST when we had beaten social democracy into the ground ,  the WORKERS pop up ! 
3	 @ khorsey  Lovely illustration of Donoghue v Stevenson 
3	The mother ,  the C - section baby and ‘secret British court’ :  a secrecy scandal – or the birth o… 
3	Where Are All the Women ?   |  VICE United Kingdom 
3	Project Hero and the student loans sell - off – an update and report transcript 
3	Genuinely excited to see what  @ saltcanterbury does with their delicious smoked duck ham .  No pressure . 
3	Isa Muazu and the Perversion of Refugee Law 
3	Just a selection of anti - strike tweets ,  if anyone needs a laugh .  .  .  ( or a weep ) 
3	You can feel the potential of public protest shrinking  .  .  .  
3	The SCUM manifesto .  .  . 
3	Reforming abortion law in Northern Ireland ?  
3	 @ eoinomahony ish
3	Well .  .  . work .  .  . but also joy . 
3	Removing the cap on student numbers :  is it affordable ?  
3	 @ saltcanterbury Really well done .  Lots of duck based joy at our side of the table . 
3	Young v Young :  can “eye - watering” divorce costs be justified ?  – Halsbury’s Law Exchange 
3	Hoping to write an u / grad lecture on contract theory and debt  ( incl student debt )  .  Any recommended resources ? 
3	The curiously all too quick “victory” of  # copsoffcampus 
3	Civility ,  Unity ,  Tolerance And Other Dangerous Terms 
3	Studying law at Fort Hare  [ he was ]  suspended for a student protest in 1940 and sent home on the verge of expulsion .  
3	“Forced” C - section case – what we know now 
3	Its not often I say this ,  but the Jewish Chronicle website is playing up and I really need to read it .  .  .  . 
3	Lovely birthday dinner at  @ saltcanterbury .  Thanks all . 
3	 @ Aheart4all NextI think is  one - to - one and group consciousness - raising on campus .  Event after event .  Perhaps link to  @ kentcriticallaw 1 / 2
3	Commentary :  Little Sisters of the Poor Case Generating Heated Political Debate 
3	UPDATE 1 - Serco says government contract review imminent 
3	Ranciere on education 
3	Looking forward to a month in W . Cork followed by a month in Dublin .  Work not seeming quite so bad . 
3	 @ BottleShopDave 
3	 @ drvconway  
3	 @ khorsey  @ perus42 
3	 @ Gemma _ Blythe  @ perus42  @ OurKingdomUK   Ha ! 
3	 @ Aheart4all 2 / 2 Teaching ,  provoking ,  engaging student groups .  Day trips to protests in London  -  big group solidarity good for soul . 2 / 2
3	“I can’t think of any high profile white UK feminist who has “rejected” intersectionality” 
3	Nelson Mandela ,  the Father 
3	Hey  @ BottleShopDave .  Sorry I didnt make it in last night .  Will be in touch with an order in Jan . 
3	Teaching contracts ,  fairness and student loans in the UK today .   # disturbing
3	 @ Aheart4all Blog here 
3	With our history – casual racism is not an option 
3	 @ SeasaidhBhan 
3	What is a good Dublin cafe to take the laptop to for a few hours ? 
