3	 @ D _ Gough freaking hurts ive been at home this whole time
3	 @ D _ Gough now its not raining nymore but cold
3	Arsenal 1  -  Dortmund 1 yay
3	 @ CJAMEZ hey wat bn doin¿ we hardly ever talk
3	Arsenal 0  -  Dortmund 1 ~  shitties
3	Raining again n i cnt sleep
3	Sleeping with a sexy weather
3	Watching dateline wit lola
3	Hello again twitter
3	ok yea chris
3	twitter is such a competitive plcwhwere u hv to fight to get heard
3	where is  @ jesus
3	it stopped was like 8 secss
3	helpppp
3	earthquake here right now
3	stoke toke
3	my man is back in the army  .  .  .  so m counting down the days till he gets back
3	my man is goin bk into the army since he is a reserve for 21 long days for training this sucks ass i miss him
3	cant wait for sepocto , 
3	game on in a few hours
3	had a great time yesterday omg
3	ok im finally goin out tonight
3	Heloo people and future fathers of my children   : D
3	 @ HILLSIDDAZ oh really without me haha
3	getting inked soon wanna get one like the Yakuza  .  .  .  pain is temporary whoooo
3	o i just got backfreeedom azad yeaya
3	 @ WhoisBryceS ummmm an average bear  ?  ?  is it right or wrong  : P so who is bryce  ?  ?  ?  ?  ummm lemme think  .  .  . 
3	long time gays boys
3	yea rise of planet of the apes or Captain America  .  .  .  .  i am looking forward to watchin Immortals  : P
3	yea i finally watched Transformer 3  .  .  .  by a miracle tat one theatre was still sshowin it
3	YASHKEF ELOHIM
3	Ilove dis song  
3	back wit my sweeeet BF after
3	i love chamakh
3	i dont want Superman  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  I want Special man
3	my eyes  .  .  .  impressing me
3	today is my sis bday n its good friday as well
3	Watch the new freddiew  (  @ fwong )  Video :   " Claymores "  
3	Watch the new freddiew  (  @ fwong )  Video :   " Behind the Scenes  -  Claymores "  
3	this is soo intense India might just win if the power play is not cluster fucked
3	 # ICC worldcup  $ 0 Over so 10 more overs left
3	Kumar Sangakara bowled out by Yuvraj  .  .  .  made 48 runs  now its 182 5 / 5 for sri lanka  # ICC worldcup final match
3	Sangakara and Jayawardene Batting  .  .  .  2 wickets gone  .  .  . 23rd Over
3	YuvRaj Bowling the 21st over
3	sreesanth bowling on da 19th over
3	62 for 2 /  17th Overs  .  . sri Lanka Batting  .  . India Fielding  .  .  Harbhajan got a wicket
3	india vrs sri lanks ICC WOrld Cup 2011  .  .  . 
3	Watch the new freddiew  (  @ fwong )  Video :   " 3D First Person Mario "  
3	Check this video out  -  -  Guitar Army 
3	moving tomorrwlazyyyy
3	i love gunners
3	oh they lost again i hate this  .  .  Man u sux
3	 @ Chamakh _ army oh come on we r good enuff  # arsenal
3	For guys who perm their hair n wear make up  these are gay fags who are the gayest gay fags of the gayest faggety gay fag kingdom - 
3	 @ Chamakh _ army wat happened ?  ?  ? 
3	i hope tat ref never ref again for future games
3	og this game sucks
3	van persie should hv traded for chamakh teee hee
3	oh jesus christ its 3  - 1 fucking rossicky should come off and arshavin in  .  .  .  . 
3	wtf  .  .  ihate the referee asshole he is ruining da game n he gave vp red card
3	i think roscicky totally redeemed himself woooooooooo
3	fabregas fucked up majorly damn fuckkkkkk
3	and the referee sucks big time he is giving all the cards xclusively to Arsenal players  .  .  .  this type of refs spoils the whole game
3	omg  .  .  . OMG the referee sucks wtf 4 yellow cards and its just the 1st half i think the ref deserves a red card  !  ! 
3	oh Lawd help me   .  .  .  I luv u Chamakh  .  .  .  how could u luk so fine
3	good tat  VAN PERSIE is playin tomorrow at Camp Nou  # dealwithit
3	all rocks go to heaven
3	
3	 @ SODMG _ EUROPE im gonna crash my plane between ur ballsack lolzzz
3	 @ Oture i know this is amazing  .  .  .  .  .  i know i want a huge goal difference just for the heck of it
3	LIVERPOOL 3  -  0 Man U  .  .  cant get better than this i love it woooo may u thrash man u  woot woot
3	right now I love LIVERPOOL FC  .  .  .  for beating MAN U at Anfield this is soo good  .  .  .  : p
3	 @ Oture I m sooo happy right now  .  .  .  u cant imagine after Arsenal drew last nite there is a good Opp for arsenal yay
3	oh lawd he is still hot right now  .  .  i just checked again lol
3	oh jesus christ he is sooo fuckin hot  .  .  .  .  .  .  . 
3	 @  _ howhigh i think its ENVY not too sure lol  ,  .  .  .  got from an anime
3	you know its a bad day when ur dinner is having sex on ur head  .  .  .  . lol
3	Dont steal ,  dont lie ,  dont cheat ,  dont sell drugs .  The government hates competition ! 
3	
3	Govt of India in complete denial !  We ,  Mizo ppl ,  want justice for our fellow Mizos who were killed in the bombings !  Its Genocide ! 
3	Signed a petition for apology from Govt of India for unwarranted bombing of Mizoram in 1966 !   + 
3	 # Arsenal  .  .  .  i miss the match again aaah the time difference confuses me  .  .  .  @ oture this is really annoying  .  .  i hope Nasri gets well soon !  ! 
3	hearts Chamakh
3	puked n all tired  .  .  .  i goota eat something
3	pple cant sleep drank  /  /  / passed out  ,  ,  ,  now wide awake and its almost 5 am sheeeeeeeeeeeeeeet feck
3	30th jan 12 gmt i hv to remember tat
3	 @ Mystachoo well check on skype i did  .  .  u never answered got some answering woman bs
3	im fucking sleepy wtf
3	 @ Mystachoo can u pick up da fone when i cal u or u dont want me to call u  ?  say yes or no
3	tengo que leer   .  .  .  .  .  cabron
3	wat time is  # arsenal playing birmingham ? 
3	my status is about to change from vertical to horizontal !  goodnite
3	 @ Oture ok got that thanks
3	Today ,  a friend of mine told me what  " Bing "  stands for .   " Because Its Not Google .  " 
3	 @ Oture when is the next Arsenal game  & gt ;  i  got an Arsenal Muffler  .  .  .  m so happy
3	hello my tweeties
3	me who else  ( Broadcasting live at 
3	 @ Oture yay thanks im defo gonna watch it  .  .  m planning to go to the Prodigy concert  .  .  .  i hope i dont miss it again  !  !  !  keep me posted plz
3	 @ Oture I missed tat again when is the next match tat he is gonna play  .  .  is this dude married /  /  /  /  /  /  ?  ?  cuz i really want him LOL
3	I need a sperm donor please help lol i want a baby with Chamakh
3	 @ Oture when is their next game  .  .  .  i m so busy these days  .  .  .  lemme know cuz i dont want to miss it again esp if my chamakh is playing lol
3	 @ Oture o jeezy arsenal dint win again  its so frustrating  .  .  .  i just want them  on top of the table so tat Man U will be the first loser
3	I overslept again wow  .  .  .  and still Happily unmarried YAYYYYY
3	Happy New Year My twittees  .  .  Have a great Year to u all  .  . 
3	today is new years eve s eve  .  .  .  .  ummm wat should i do ?  oh COCK im alone again for this new year eve and and  .  .  .  .  jajaja
3	i like ur boyfriend
3	watchin the  # arsenal game  .  . 
3	yay 2 arsenal  -  1 wigan
3	they level the score yay VAMOS  # ARSENAL
3	wtf they are not showing arsenal vrs wigan the liverpool and chelsea games are on  .  .  .  anyone knows a good site for live streaming
3	 @ Chamakh _ army are u watching the game wigan vrs  # Arsenal ?  ?  ? 
3	well did  # Arsenal win against Wigan  ?  ?  ?  ?  does anyone know cuz i totally missd the match again feck
3	time to eat again  .  .  .  .  i need to gain weight super fast  .  .  .  i need to gain at least 10 pounds my new year resolution i suppose
3	i love reading about all these different types of killers serial killers  ,  mass murderers ,  spree killers etc
3	 @ Oture yes i will defo watch the match on wednesday  .  .  .  i really wish they had beaten Man U just for fun lol
3	04161684375 yea
3	i had the most amazing dinner tonight it feels so damn good   .  .  .  I miss u chamakh
3	yea baby m back
3	 @ Oture hey arsenal won m soooo happy tat they thrashed chelsea woo .  .  .  but chamakh did not play yesterday lol i missed da game so pissed
3	my babyimp day is on the 10th of Jan love u so muchozzz  .  .  .  . 
3	Im fucking happy tat  # Arsenal won  .  .  .  .  now they are second on the league table  .  .  .  VAMOS GUNNERS wooooo .  .  .  will defo watch ur next game
3	im fucking pissed off i missed the match cuz tat cock blocker of a friend told me tat it was tomorrow fuckkk errr
3	I heart  # CHAMAKH Maroc
3	 @ chamakhofficial merry xmas to u too  .  .  .  .  i hope ur the real one  ( fingers crossed ) 
3	MERRY XMAS to all my twitter friends i hope yall hv a freaking good time  .  .  .  wooooo
3	off to a PARTAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY woooooo
3	i fell asleep watching Inception  .  .  .  so wat does tat mean i guess i was really extremely into the movie  .  . 
3	Check this video out  -  -  I Just Had Sex  ( feat .  Akon )  
3	ar - se - nal  -  -  -  - 29
3	I am VirignI love boys , My dream is get fack from black boyI am Džastin Bíbr !  ! 
3	all i want for xmas is chamakh n more chamakh after tat
3	 @ Segedric jajajaja no chamakh is good enuff for me 62 jajajaLOL
3	i want chamakh for chrismas n forever lol
3	 @ Segedric short ?  ? 
3	 @ vinyldigger keep on rolling like tat
3	 @ chamakhofficial hey how are u ?  r u prepared for the Match with Chelsea on the 27th of Dec .  .  .  Please blow the Blues away wit our arsenal  :  ) 
3	 # chamakh is amazing n he got me losing my mind but he doesnt even know my name
3	wow boxing day coming soon cant hardly wait  .  .  .  OMG CHAMAKH madness got me good
3	 @ chamakhofficial oh ok i just dont want to be duped tats all  .  .  .  ur awesome much love .  .  .  .   : D
3	i got my designers drugs now so tat is real goood
3	well i ran out of my happy pills
3	 @ chamakhofficial oh ok if its really u then im happy  :  )  thanks cuz there are so many fake ones
3	 @ CLAY _ RDSHAWTY brokeass scrubs makes me wanna  # throwup LAME
3	 @ chamakhofficial i dont think tat u are the real chamakh cuz i know tat he does not speak english  .  .  .  .  y do u do this its misleading
3	 @ chamakharsenal i heard tat arsene wenger does not allow his players to hv twitter account so are u the real deal or another fake one
3	I miss Chamakh my boy  .  .  .  .  .  i wanna be with him 24 / 7
3	 @ lepchack yea i know wat u mean  .  .  .  i love tat  .  .  .  they should just keep doin tat forever jajaja
3	I want Maroc
3	i really wish i could buy  # Chamakh and keep him all to mysself
3	im sad tat arsenal lost but cant wait for boxing Day 28th would be good dy for me  :  ) 
3	dang yellow cards for Chamakh and Arshavin  # Arsenal  .  .  .  2nd half should defo get better for the Gunners
3	cescs dodgy hamstring oh please win arsenal it would be sooo good
3	The MAtch begins Arsenal better win  .  .  .  .  my money is on u  guys please  .  .  .  wishing and hoping u pistolwhip MAN U on their own ground
3	 @ lepchack no cuz im skint cant go  !  !  !  how long u gona be In KOL ? 
3	My Tweety Fwends Please lemme know Where i can watch the Man U Vrs Arsenal match today online  .  .  . Go Arsenal woot woot
3	 @ lepchack to drop her at the exam center tats y  .  .  . where u  @  now ?  ?  ?  u should come to Del visit  me jeje
3	 @ lepchack no my sis is goin
3	what time is the match Arsenal Vrs man u ?  ? 
3	did ARSENAL win against Man U ?  ? 
3	 @ chamakhofficial im praying tat u score a hat trick against Man U on Monday  .  .  .  .  : P
3	i heart Chamakh so much
3	OMg i gottat get up early tomo for LSAT exam american law school is too demanding  !  !  !  aaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhh
3	 # Манежной wats dis
3	Dont laugh in the bathroom because it will make people think that your playing with yourself . 
3	sleepy as hell  is now dancing naked through your subconscious ! 
3	Julian Assange founder of Wikileaks should be freed  .  .  .  I totally support him  .  .  the reason for his arrest is SEX WITHOUT CONDOM  .  . WTF
3	Free  # Assange  .  . he is in custody cuz he exposed the US govt policies  .  .  . 
3	I want everyone my twiiter friends to lobby to free  # Julian Assange  .  . 
3	 @  _ howhigh i have not heard of Jamie T  .  .  .  well i like Plan B as well  .  .  . im sleepy as hell rite now got classes tomorrow
3	 @ myadventureguy thanks for letting me know the site  .  .  :  )  i really appreciate it  .  .  .  m supporting Barca and Arsenal wooot wooot
3	 @ Oture thanks  :  )  i wana see Nasri  ,  Arshimov n Chamakh in action woot wooot they beta win bitchazzzz
3	 @  _ howhigh yea dey r bands if u evr gt in2 some techno shit chck out Lord of Acid Crablouse dis da dirtiest lyrics i hv evr cme across LOL
3	 @  _ howhigh -  -  -  & gt ;  sham 69  .  .  .  .  . the skewdrivers .  .  . Penetration .  .  .  check em out n Flux of pink Indians
3	 @ Oture where can i watch it online plz lemme know now asap cuz i cant watch it on my tv in stupid india they only showing chelsea game
3	Team News  -  Arsenal v Partizan Belgrade :  where can i watch it online please my twitty friends lemme know which site  .  .  . 
3	 @  _ howhigh k n checkout Muse and Placebo .  .  if u wnt to know more lemme knw i got a few of em we culd swap  : P .  dont flunk out agn id feel bad
3	 @  _ howhigh ok which genre  ?  ?  ?  ?   i know loads of em check out Revolting Cocks they ill to me jeje lemme kmow wat u think   :  ) 
3	 @ Oture yea Chamakh should score too i love him to pieces je je he is good as god
3	 @  _ howhigh im not a hater i just support Barca not Real Madrid ur just like Juan we argue about this all the time u guys shud hang out LOL
3	 @  _ howhigh and btw wat is up with the union jack in the background in ur pro pics  ?  ?  ur new craze jajaja JK u look good witout it too je je
3	 @  _ howhigh no not really they have not defeated the Catalans in 2 years they usually get livered by Barca  .  .  .  :  )  soz to break da news to u  !  ! 
3	watching  # UEFA Champions League  .  . Arsenal is playing woot woot  .  .  .  defo want them to win  :  ) 
3	gotta stop this war fighting for peace cuz its the same as fucking for virginity  .  .  . 
3	 @  _ howhigh ur real madrid just got raped by Barca 5 - 0 last week  .  .  it was quite a thrashng they got frm barca n last year it was 2  -  6 jaja
3	Barca playin tomorrow cant miss it  .  .  .  woot woot my messi gona mess the other team up !  ! 
3	Arsenal on top of the premiere league bitchazzzz
3	skint as usual damn and i have shitloads of studying to do
3	i do study from time to time  .  .  .  . now i got a new Nikon fucking camera woooo hooooo DLSR bitchezzzz lol
3	 @ Oture AT - LEAST - Barcelona - WON -  -  -  -  -  : p
