37	 # joswinson  # scum  # hypocrisy 
37	 # joswinson  # disgusting  # doublestandards  # neoliberalscum words fail me for filth like her !  Luckily we have enough rope and lamp posts . 
37	 # screenwriters  # Americans Please take note !  The verbs to bring and to take are different you illiterate monkeys !  I thank you . 
37	Due punti persi .   Gobbi di merda ! 
37	 @ BTSport could you ask Clive Allen to be a little more nauseatingly more pro Juve please . 
37	 # Morrisons  # moreofwhatmatters which apparently means a load of free forced labour at the taxpayers expense ! 
37	 # RoyalMarinesCommando , its a state of mind !  And that state of minds not caring that you dont know who or what youre risking your life for
37	What to TAKE when youre asked to bring nothing !  American clowns !   # Cadburys  # CadburysHeroes
37	Keep and eye on  # w2w2013 for a comprehensive list of corporate scroungers .  Help put home address to the vermins faces . 
37	Dont forget to keep an eye on the real scumbag benefit scroungers  # w2w2013  # A4e ,   # G4S  # WorkingLinks  # DWP13
37	Ban MPs from voting on matters in which they have a financial interest  -  e - petitions 
37	 .  @ npowerhq paid ZERO corporation tax in the last 3 years while our bills rocketed .  Tell them to pay their tax now :  
37	 # Sky what do you know !  ?  !  
37	This cause is close to my heart  -  please sign :  
37	In a  # democracy its the responsibility of the electorate to choose the right people for the job ! 
37	 # Barclays call our kids parasites in their new TV ad .  Which is rich coming from the parasites involved in the  # libor scandal ! 
37	 @ espnuk Rubentus dont need Vucinic when they have Antonio Damato !  And your commentarys an insult to us viewers ! 
37	 @ ESPNUK Craig Burleys spot on !  Bollard boy slid across in front of Bradley .  Bradley was running into bollard boy ,  hence the leap ! 
37	If ESPN allow Iain Dowie to ruin one more Inter game Im going to ream him out with a broken bottle !   :  | 
37	Intelligent design would indicate cruelty beyond mans comprehension . 
37	Non si può insegnare le vacche non essere bestiame . 
37	Every penny taken by a bank is a penny lost from society  . 
37	The moment you find something bigger than yourself is the moment you define your insignificance . 
37	In the end we all leave with everything we deserve . 
37	Watching the dream isnt the same as living it ! 
37	Id just like to clear up any confusion .  Despite all the rumour and speculation I am NOT about to sign for Manchester City ! 
37	If you have a role model make sure you also have a carer . 
37	 @ Number10gov Support  # Palestine as an independent state .   # StateOfPalestine
37	Put simply politics dictates what happens to YOUR LIFE !  Do you really not care ? 
37	MPs expenses should be means tested like all other state benefits !  Tell a friend and lets clamp down on these leeches . 
37	Praising thoughtless people with good intentions is folly . 
37	Evan Davies ,  weak minded fool or psychopath ? 
37	Never agree with anyone !  Let them agree with you ! 
37	 " So let me get this right .  We pay you to ensure our investments result in higher prices ?  " 
37	If you dont understand that the term  " Financial Services Industry "  is an oxymoron youre getting exactly what you deserve . 
37	You look after your pennies whilst the bankers take your pounds ! 
37	If we were truly free we could opt out . 
37	Elections would be much fairer if we got to say which candidates we didnt want ! 
37	If you cant make it good make it 3D ! 
37	Regime change is just like charity !  It should always begin at home ! 
37	Ancora non credo che il mio miglior amico è morto davanti i miei occhi . 
37	 @ ClunkyChelf Because they have very thin heads !   ;  ) 
37	Mi preoccupo di lei  :  ( 
37	It doesnt matter where you came from or where you are .  What matters is who you are as that determines where you are going . 
37	Pensava che lei fosse lunica ,  ma ora spera che abbia sbagliato .  Solo il tempo dirà . 
37	Is gradually retreating from public life . 
37	is thinking of building a new website . 
37	is on his knees ! 
37	ha appena fatto la spesa . 
37	is taking procrastination to a new level . 
37	is back home and still dry ,  result ! 
37	is heading out for a few hours ,  hope it stays dry ,  fingers crossed . 
37	is up and about but still tired .  Will it rain or will it stay dry ? 
37	loves pizza  :  ) 
37	is trying to make his neck wider than his head ! 
37	stayed dry  : D
37	Is watching the sky and hoping it doesnt rain . 
37	Is watching L & O CI double bill .  Youve gotta love private Pile  : D . 
37	Is re - acquainting himself with twitter . 
37	 @ Clunky50 Why arent you following me  !  ?  !   :  | 
37	Learning verbs ,  and yes its as much fun as it sounds ! 
