1	Photoset :  thefaultygentleman :  
1	Photo :  theartistictwins :  THIS MIGHT HAVE BEEN THE MOST TRAUMATIC EXPERIENCE OF MY LIFE ,  ALAN RICKMAN WITH NO .  .  .  
1	HAPPY 66th BIRTHDAY ALAN RICKMAN !   -  How can an OAP be this damn hot ?  !  He is the sexiest man in existance .  As .  .  .  
1	so she buys me chips and cheese and I tell her that I love her and she’s all I need .  
1	Photoset :  ›  [ My favorite music videos ]   ( no particular order )  → Ed Sheeran’s Lego House mmm , Rupert .  
1	Ive realised that most of the people I enjoy talking to most and people I feel comfortable opening up to .  .  .  
1	and i’ll owe it all to you ,  my little bird .  
1	Ive only just realised its pancake day tomorrrowwwwww !  One of my most favourite days of the year .  PANCAKES .  .  .  
1	Someone give me money for a new tattoo ?  Really ,  really ,  really ,  really itching for one .  
1	← This person is a Rickmaniac 
1	Photo :  OHSHITOHSHITOHSHIT .  I CAN’T WAIT !  I NEED IT TO BE OCTOBER NOW !  !  !  
1	Photo :   
1	I know that I really need to finish this assignment ,  but dog breeding doesn’t interest me in the slightest .  .  .  .  
1	Photo :   
1	Photoset :  oh goddddddddddddd  : ’ )  
1	It was dark and I was over ,  until you kissed my lips and you saved me 
1	Photo :  very attractive ,  I know .  I lovelovelove clay face masks .  
1	Photo :   
1	Photoset :  notimefortime :  
1	how come the only person to speak any sense to me tonight and make me feel a little better has been my ex .  .  .  
1	
1	
1	Feel sick .  Head hurts .  Pissed off .  Need someone .  
1	Photo :   
1	Photo :   
1	keelkiel asked :  2 ,  13 
1	Overheard :  Questions actually worth answering .   -  1 :  Apart from tumblr ,  what do you like to do in your spare .  .  .  
1	Oh I forgot to tell you ,  last night I made my first ever kool aid !  And this morning I went to work with .  .  .  
1	if theres no - one beside you when your soul embarks ,  then ill follow you into the dark .  
1	Photo :  bahahaha ,  WORK IT ALAN !  
1	Photo :   
1	› what do you even do at a nightclub › › like is there wifi 
1	Oliver should know not to leave me on my own when im sad because this happens ;   -  I AM NOW THE PROUD OWNER .  .  .  
1	Soooo anyone ever got tattood in Orlando or somewhere close to there ,  and want to reccomend somewhere for .  .  .  
1	eleanorjane asked :  I just wanted to tell you that I love you and you are one of the most wonderful human .  .  .  
1	Photoset :   
1	Photo :   
1	Only been at work 4 hours ,  and Ive broke three nails ,  crushed a nail  ( gone all purple and weird )  and pulled .  .  .  
1	Photoset :   
1	Photoset :  All i’ve done today is doodle on my walls  :  )  
1	Photo :  misswatson -  :  
1	Photo :   
1	Vote for Emma !   -  WHY ON EARTH IS EMMA ‘BEAUTIFUL ,  AMAZING ,  PERFECT’ WATSON LOSING TO KRISTEN ‘NO EMOTION’ .  .  .  
1	Photo :  Yeahh you are baby !  
1	Photo :  hahaha .  YESSSSSs 
1	Photo :  harrypotterconfessions :  
1	Check it out :   
1	Photoset :  oh fuck ,  oh fuck ,  whhhyyyyyyyyyyyy 
1	Photoset :   
1	Photoset :   
1	Photoset :  crueltyfreeisthewaytobe :  
1	m3ltdowns :  Hahah ,  feel like shouting “get the fuccckkk off my tumblrrrrrrrr” 
1	Photo :  N’awwwh I love the little bastards faceee  ^  _  ^  
1	Photoset :  › If you like Chris Brown ,  if you listen to his music ,  if you watch him on tv ,  if you look him up .  .  .  
1	Fuccckk ,  hogwarts fucking expresssss !  And then actual wizards and the most beautiful owls .  And  " the science .  .  .  
1	On the way to the hogwarts expreesssssss  : D  -  It’s going to be an awesome day !  
1	Photoset :  › Harry Potter high on Felix Felicis 
1	Photo :   
1	Photo :   
1	Photo :  bbrooketurner :  
1	Paige Pearce is a bad bad bad friend !  She turned all my lights off and forced the devil inside me trailer .  .  .  
1	So Paige is on her way over ,  think its about time I introduced her to Mr . Minchin  ;  )   -  This will determine .  .  .  
1	Photo :  lady - snape :  
1	 # TeamRowling  -  voldemortoutbitches :  
1	Photo :  canadianbeaversloveaskars :  
1	Video :  and when I die .  .  KIIIILLL… die ,  i’ll have no regrets  : ’ )  gaaaaaaaaahh QUACK .  
1	Oh Tim Minchiinnnn ,  you cheer me up like no other man can !  
1	Wont be able to give blood until im over 20  :  (   -  Planned to give blood again in a couple more weeks ,  .  .  .  
1	Photoset :  canadianbeaversloveaskars :  
1	Photo :  Favourite Harry Potter moment ,  hahaaaaaaaaaaa .  
1	s - k - y - r - i - m :  The only reason you’d put two males together is to be companions ,  and if you’re a sensible .  .  .  
1	First species for my assignment done ,  only taken 5 hours  :  |  
1	Photo :   
1	Video :  redranger17 :  hahaha ,  this first time I saw this I nearly died !  I never know whether its hilarious or .  .  .  
1	I dont know why people breed animals ,  it all seems to complicated ,  theres just too much that goes wrong !   -  .  .  .  
1	ashleyisarobot :  
1	anberlyn :  
1	For my assignment in breeding and genetics im researching the breeding of rabbits ,  one of the first things .  .  .  
1	Photo :   
1	I better go to sleep or Ill never get that assignment done and that means my beautiful paigey cant come .  .  .  
1	You know whats cheered me up a little ;  I have just remembered that on Friday were going on the hogwarts .  .  .  
1	Photo :  › Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows is the fastest selling book in history .   [  [ x ]  ]  
1	Photo :   
1	Photo :  harrypotterconfessions :  
1	Think telling Oliver I want to rip his friend apart was a bit too harsh ?  Hmpf .  I can’t do anger .  
1	Said he’d seen my enemy .  Said he looked just like me .  
1	Temple run makes my brain fuzzy .  
1	Yeah after yesterday I really feel alright about you spending all night with the fucking prick instead of .  .  .  
1	Photo :  the - kreachers - of - walmart :  
1	Fuck ,  I must have cut my thumb open twisting the knob thing on my radiator ,  like 20 mins ago and I didn’t .  .  .  
1	Photo :  Hahah 
1	I think Ive realised why  " The perks of being a wallflower "  is such an amazing book .   -  When you think about .  .  .  
1	Tidy my room or do coursework ?  
1	Its 3 : 30pm and Ive still not got out of bed or started my assignment  :  /  gah .  C B A 
1	Olivers at work ,  hes an engineer so works with proper mens men ,  they always wind him up cause hes the .  .  .  
1	Photoset :  suzitothefuture :  I need to party with this man .  
1	Help me prove my sister wrong :  Reblog if you think that internet friendship is real friendship .  
1	type40 :  
1	sorry about the angryness and swearing in my last post .  im now sat at work ,  eating to make myself feel .  .  .  
1	FEEL VERY RAGEY .   -  I need to talk to someone about it before I explode .  The other night Oliver was at his .  .  .  
1	Photoset :  One of Olivers valentines presents ‘favours’ voucher books 
1	Photoset :  Oliver’s valentines cake ;  strawberry and milkybar filling covered in milkybar frosting  ^  _  ^  .  .  .  
1	Oh I forgot ,  Oliver told me my valentines present last night ;  the choice between going to see ed sheeran and .  .  .  
1	I am currently baking a cake for my beautiful boy ,  its in the oven and Im licking out the mixing bowl !  .  .  .  
1	I really don’t want to go to work later ,  I’ve got way too much to do before then  :  (  and I forgot to set my .  .  .  
1	Photo :   
1	Photo :  coralleighh :  STOP ATTACKING HOGWARTS ,  MY HOME !  YOU BASTARDS .  
1	I dont like having arguments with my mother but the make up cupcakes and wine are rather good .  
1	Photo :   
1	Photo :   
1	Photoset :   
1	 " That my nude scene in Sherlock Holmes :  A Game of Shadows was overlooked by BAFTA doesn’t make me bitter .  .  .  "  
1	Just crying because this is the last BAFTA’s Harry potter will ever be involved in .  
1	Watching last nights BAFTAs ,  Stephen Fry is my second favourite British person ever  ( after Rickman of .  .  .  
1	Watching last night NAFTAs 
1	Photo :  mybygonevexations :  
1	Photoset :  Moved my wall photos from my old room into my new room today .  Didn’t put them all back up ,  and .  .  .  
1	Photo :   
1	My house is vibrating with the sound of Ed Sheeran I fell in love next to you Burning fires in this room It .  .  .  
1	Currently planning our trip to London for olivers 21st ,  hes taking me on the Harry potter landmarks tour .  .  .  
1	Wish my womb would just fuck off .  
1	Photo :   
1	Photo :  This is pretty much what me and Tutsie used to do  ^  _  ^  I miss my baba .  
1	I went round to my sisters after work ,  her boyfriend made us curry because my parents didnt think it was a .  .  .  
1	valentines day really isn’t a big deal to me ,  but I’m gutted I’m working til half 8  :  (  we weren’t planning .  .  .  
1	Photoset :   
1	Work is making me hate cake and that aint riiiiighhtt  :  (  
1	Photo :   
1	Photoset :   
1	Photo :   
1	Photo :  rickman - unite :   ^  ^  ^  ^  THIS ,  yes !  
1	Photo :   
1	I have two very greedy axolotls this morning ,  three worms each and theyre still poking their heads up for .  .  .  
1	Photo :  did - you - kno :  
1	Photoset :  sonnet394tobrandon :  
1	Just finished watching Project Nim .  A completely amazing story of the first chimp to be taught sign .  .  .  
1	Just finished watching Project Nim .  A completely amazing story of the first chimp to be taught sign .  .  .  
1	Photo :  simpledisneythings :  
1	Photo :  xporcelaindoll :  
1	TIME FOR SLEEP .  
1	Photo :  m3ltdowns :  and walmart !  Olivers actually excited to show me a walmart haha .  I know ,  very .  .  .  
1	Photo :   
1	Photo :  m3ltdowns :  
1	Photo :  m3ltdowns :  The voice in my head sometimes talks like a typical british person !  ohhh god yes ,  i think .  .  .  
1	Photo :  true story .  
1	p . s .  i’ve lost my boyfriend ,  if anyone finds him ,  send him home ,  i need to sleep .  
1	My brain hurts ,  its 3 : 40am .  Looks like its no college for me tomorrow ,  my arse is going to get kicked .  .  .  
1	Photo :  m3ltdowns :  I also think you should know ,  that’s exactly how literally everyone here assumes that .  .  .  
1	Photoset :   
1	Overheard :  british boys :  hey babe ,  how are you ?  you look lovely today american boys :  whaddup shawty you .  .  .  
1	trying so hard not to rage and lose it .  so fucking angry .  
1	things are scary when you’ve got no one 
1	Went out ,  then had my night ruined by my prick of a boyfriend .  Yay for me .  Tonight I do not like him .  .  .  .  
1	So im probably going to be stuck in all night whilst Oliver goes to  " chill "  with his stupid band  ( ive now .  .  .  
1	“She was lost in so many different ways Out in the darkness with no guide I know the cost of a losing hand .  .  .  
1	My secret is fatally gorgeous ,  I’d die for you .  
1	Photo :  Little girls on facebook amuse me 
1	Prepare for the flood ,  prepare for the flood ,  can you feel the water rising up ?  
1	Photo :  audaciaxx :  
1	Photoset :  It’s snnoowwwiiinngg aggaaiiinn !   : D  : D 
1	Photo :  xo - addict :  
1	 " Fan fiction is what literature might look like if it were reinvented from scratch after a nuclear .  .  .  "  
1	Happy tears ,  lots and lots of happy tearsssssssss .  
1	watching homeward bound for the first time ,  completely bawling ,  shadow just fell down at the railway  : ’ (  gah .  .  .  
1	Photoset :  › The queen and the princess .  
1	Photo :  hahahaha .  
1	Photo :  brightest - hour - of - my - darkest - day :  
1	Photo :  Haha ,  horny buggers !  
1	Photo :  did - you - kno :  Hahaha 
1	Check it out :   
1	Photoset :   
1	Photo :   
1	Photoset :  wowfunniestposts :  
1	m3ltdowns :   ^  _  ^  everyone follow Emma ,  she’s a bit awesome 
1	Overheard :  me :  let me sleep brain :  lol no ,  lets stay awake and remember every stupid decision you made in .  .  .  
1	I want it to snow again !  I dont mind the disruption ,  I kinda like it .  BRING ME MORE SNOW .  
1	Photoset :  Just hid some carrots in the snow for the buns ,  Lily pretty much devoured them all ,  Severus just .  .  .  
1	Facts about the Queen !  Get it read ,  pretty amusing .  
1	Reminiscing with Busted ,  I cried so so hard when they broke up .  haa .  awesome .   -  I feel her slipping through .  .  .  
1	Photo :   
1	ashleyisarobot :  
1	“Her voice is echoed in my mind I count the days till she is mine Can’t tell my friends cos they will laugh .  .  .  
1	Photoset :  type40 :  
1	Photoset :  Looks like Draco  ^  _  ^  
1	Photo :   
1	Photo :  Just made a nommy cappuccino with the dolce gusta coffee machine I got my Mama for christmas ,  it .  .  .  
1	P . S Last night I had a dream that my sister got engaged to Bill Weasley and I was crazily jealous .  He was .  .  .  
1	I’ve had a really fun morning playing in the snow !  Then we came inside and I made us a full english .  .  .  
1	Photoset :  Last year we built a snow Dalek  ^  _  ^  
1	Photo :  FUUCCCCKKK ,  NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO .   : ’ (  
1	stupidly excited to find out what  @ pottermore is about  :  )   & lt ; 3
1	“I’ll be better when I’m older ,  i’ll be the greatest fan of your life .  Rain falls angry on the tin roof as .  .  .  
1	less than perfect .  
1	When my friends try to convince me that Ill be ok after the end of Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows .  .  .  
1	Photo :  harrypotterhasnoend :  
1	I have some best friends  -  sometimes I don’t feel like I do ,  but thats just me ,  not them ,  this post is to .  .  .  
1	Photo :  holyhippogriffs :  mine is on my bum !  like really on my bum !  D :  gah !  hahaha 
1	Photo :  sarahshadow :  
1	Photo :  pitytheliving :  YOU FUCCCKKINGG WHAAAAAAAAAAT !  ?  no point in misfits anymore 
1	Photo :  oh how I wish I was her 
