1	Photoset :  Today we chased a rainbow home .  .  all the way from Hereford to Malvern x 
1	
1	The Reith Lectures ,  
1	Sailing way to Swirly Whirly Land whimsical  by EtherealEarthArt 
1	Haha !  The  @ guardian has a royalist / republican button ,  if you press republican you get sports news instead ! 
1	
1	My Splodged and doodled sketchbook cover x 
1	 " when we assert intuition ,  we are therefore like a starry night :  we gaze at the world through a thousand eyes " 
1	Gorgeous sunset tonight x 
1	300 years in 300 seconds .  .  .  
1	Oops .  .  I accidentally woke up a hibernating butterfly .  
1	Knowing trees  -  knowing grass .  .  
1	 @ kate _ garrett thanks lovely !  Id be honoured to have something on your wall !  Have got a 20 %  code swirlywhirlymagic for lovely folk like you x
1	Feeling poorly  & amp ;  exhausted and missing the launch of convos with Birmingham have a great night  @ thecobaltblue and friends xXx
1	Dear Birmingham , place of my birth . You glow on my horizon , yet , I feel so small in your presence . Forever onyourperiphery 
1	Please sign this to save a beautiful and well loved green space from being sold to developers 
1	Reserves the right to change my mind ,  to make mistakes and learn from my own naivety . 
1	Photo :  Open studios opens tommorow !  
1	Im in an exhibition that opens in birmingham next week heres the flyer x 
1	I just bought this to take wildcamping on the isle of skye :  Moleskine Watercolour Notebook by Moleskine via  @ amazonuk 
1	Paintings in progress .  .  
1	The Swirly Whirly Xmas Land Collection 
1	There are no words for the first thing I saw when I left the house this morning .  
1	The lovely people at  @ worcslitfest kindly invited no4a artists to display artwork at the info point in crowngate 
1	Relaunching Ethereal Earth 
1	Thank you all for your support this year !  Heres 10 %  off everything at 
1	Sprinkling fairy dust in hereford !  Xx 
1	Happy all hallows eve x 
1	 :  )   :  )   :  )  Nahko and Medicine For The People  -  Budding Trees  ( Official Video )  
1	Just shared She will rise again by Rachel Blackwell 
1	Thanks for the rt  @ rosiebreese Happy Wednesday ! 
1	On a planet in space ,  spinning at around 1000mph ,  circling a giant fireball at 67000mph ,  swirling in a galaxy at 486000mph .  Dizzy Yet ? 
1	I was given a round canvas today .  .  .  Ooh the possibilities of a canvas thats neither oblong or square ! 
1	35 mins til my last art market of the year is overrr !  The muscles in my cheeks now ache from smiling ! 
1	I need tickets for my mental spritual and cultural health .  .  .  
1	Beautiful .  .  Some strange things are happening to astronauts returning from space  ( via  @ Upworthy )  
1	Check out new work on my  @ Behance portfolio :   " Swirly Whirly Land "  
1	Please help with the Flight Of Icarus !  An art project by contemporary artist  @ sarahsehra desperately in need of donations of feathers  & amp ;  wax ! 
1	This was once a forest ,  Giclee Print by Rachel A Blackwell of EtherealEarthArt 
1	Brilliant !  
1	Pop pop pop pop pop !  100m x 1m of bubble wrap just arrived .  .  love my job x
1	Merry Christmas lovely twitterers xXx
1	Power cut in malvern .  Wow its dark ! 
1	Im 40 %  NORTHERN according to the  # northometer !  Thats somewhere around Wolverhampton .  
1	28 June Rachel Blackwell & amp ;  # 039 ; s residency  -  worcestermuseum 
1	Today is the day we chased a rainbow home .   ( Literally )  
1	Why am i not surprised ?  
1	 @ VeryMalvern thanks for the retweet !  Had a great day  :  )  x
1	Stretching canvases .  .  .  
1	I can see a really big fire somewhere in north worcestershire 
1	Circling Ravens 
1	The last of the blossom and the first of the blackberries .  
1	A Beacon in the night .   
1	Happy new year !  wow !  the fireworks were breathtaking !  Woulda taken a picture but I was mesmerised !  Xxx
1	Last art market of the year !  Hurrah !  Im just by the coffee stand in high town hereford if u want to come and see me !  
1	Researching holidays .  .  .  Isle of skye Faery legends .  
1	What a delicious book !  cant wait till im feeling well again to go buy a copy x 
1	Had a great day at the art fayre in malvern today !   & amp ;  Yay !  supplies for new installation im making had been delivered when I got home  :  ) 
1	Picture Tales 
1	Its Christmas in Swirly Whirly Land .  .  .  
1	Attempting  # NaNoWriMo for the first time .  .  wish me luck !  X
1	Please have a look at this petition ,  it means a lot to me :  
1	Tooooo tired for words .  .  . 
1	Happy happy my love gave me a Ukulele for kissmas !  best xmas gift ever ! 
1	Welcome home cute whimsical quirky greeting by EtherealEarthArt 
1	 # ff for follow Friday I nominate the wonderous performance artist  @ sarahsehra writer  @ SatyaRobyn  & amp ;  writer  @ kate _ garrett
1	I see .  .  .  a female figure wearing a tiara with her arms outstretched with huge bat like wings ,   # RorschachDoodle 
1	Just shared Hurricaine by Rachel Blackwell 
1	
1	 @ yokeandzoom it is quite a painting that one !  Was lovely to see you today yoke and / or zoom  :  ) 
1	Live with your head in the clouds .  .  .  Gavin Pretor - Pinney :  Cloudy with a chance of joy 
1	Mike deGruy :  Hooked by an octopus :  
1	Is having an afternoon in my sketchbook 
1	Oooeeeooooo dumtumtum dumtumtum dumtumtum oooeeeeoooooo aaaahaaahoooh oooouueeeuooo ,  oooeeeooo aaaummtumtum  oooeeoooh dumtumtum oooeeooo
1	Painting in progress 
1	Weee !  Looking forward to No . 4as Xmas Party  & amp ;  Open studios starting on the 6th December xXx 
1	New Website for my watercolour landscapes 
1	Come one come all to the lovely arty market In the grounds of Great malvern priory !  
1	Fire at the recycling plant  ( in Kidderminster )  watercolour 2013 
1	Sky Sailing Whimsical Greetings card Blank by EtherealEarthArt 
1	Thanks for the rt  @ ArtistsOpenHous  !  ! 
1	Come join me on ArtStack  -  discover ,  collect and share art that inspires you 
1	Dear santa / fairy godmother / angels of art ,  please send me a typewriter for an art experiment with words .  Thank you in advance dear universe ! 
1	Delicious drawing treats .  .  .  love love lov3 the infinite possibilities of a shiny new sketchbook xXx 
1	Warm studio but not too hot !   # HeatWave 
1	Of every female fad telling me I should still be a child " 
1	Just applied for the Worcester Fourth Plinth residency this summer ,  fingers crossed ! 
1	All ready for the art fair in Worcester high street tommorow !  and relax X
1	David Cameron needs to go have some real life experience and find out what morals are ,  his speech today was hideous . 
1	Dear Birmingham .  .  .  
1	First exhibition catalogue page about my work !   Flood Alert at the Hive !   :  )    # Hipstamatic  # JohnS  # Inas1969 
1	The Countryside ,   ( or perhaps whats left of it )  is the place to be !  
1	Photoset :  Flyer and paintings for Conversations with Birmingham which begins next week 
1	Swirly whirly arty market at great malvern priory until about 5 today x 
1	Likes the quote :   " People talk about escapism as if its a bad thing .  .  .  Once youve escaped ,  once you come back ,  th .  .  .  
1	Ive just updated my professional profile on LinkedIn .  Connect with me and view my profile .  
1	
1	Went to the Beuys exhibition in worcester today .  There was a typewriter .   .   Everyone is an artist .  Everyone is and .  .  .  
1	Wow .  .  .    @ WHO .   ( via  @ Upworthy )  
1	I awoke with these words this morning .  .  .  Dont be the artist that you think you should be ,  be the artist that you are . 
1	In Worcester they are power washing the pavements and people wrapped in flags are already beginning to congregate for the Queens visit . 
1	My ocean ,  Acrylic on canvas 2013 
1	Sprinkling my swirly whirly fairy dust all over Worcester high street  ( just outside next )  x 
1	Help me stop fracking  -  sign the petition to David Cameron for a  # FrackFree UK now !  
1	Grayson perry for breakfast !  ,  
1	Grayson Perry :  What class am I ?  All three !  via  @ Telegraph 
1	All welcome to no . 4a tommorow for an eve of art and mulled wine !  
1	
1	I just found another hibernating butterfly .  .  .  This one was snuggled up in my socks !  
1	Last chance to see  @ sarahsehra s performance at the garage today .  Its at 12pm be there ! 
1	Any ideas of what on earth the Olympic spirit is ?  As I seem to have none ! 
1	Had a great day painting away on Worcester 4th plinth  @ worcestermuseum 
1	 # painting alert !  I have a paint brush and aint afraid to use it ! 
1	Photoset :  Its only once a year my studio ever looks this tidy…   ( open studios 10 til 4 everyday this week )  .  .  .  
1	This cause is close to my heart BAN FRACKING IN HEREFORDSHIRE !  !  -  please sign :  
1	 @ BadgerMash Brilliant ,  Im absolutely fascinated by the Ravens ,  heard a story about a raven man appearing on the hills the other day !  ! 
1	Dance of the Hills Watercolour painting from by EtherealEarthArt 
1	Are you being fracked ?  Email your local council and say you dont want fracking near you 
1	Between Past and Future Rachel A Blackwell by EtherealEarthArt 
1	
1	Yay !  The last art fair of 2014 is done !  Ive got my Captain Morgan  & amp ;  Gingerbeer .  .  .  Now .  . The Crow or The nightmare before Christmas ?  Hmm .  . 
1	For follow friday i suggest the marvellous  @ sarahsehra   # FollowFriday
1	Inside my studio x 
1	This afternoon in the studio in 13 seconds .  .  
1	Round yonder hills you can find Toadstools bigger than my foot !  
1	Just completed putting the last few paintings from my studies in light collection on the Ethereal Earth Art Boutique !  
1	Studio view 1 . 1 
1	Beautiful morning sketching at white leaved oak with 4a artist Caz now to wu to see fabulously talented  @ sarahsehra 
1	Greetings card  Blue and purple butterfly by EtherealEarthArt 
1	Gorgeous macro snowflake photos x 
1	Open Studios 
1	Day 2 of  # NaNoWriMo 46 , 279 words to go .  .  . 
1	Have a magical 2014 everyone !  Playing the new year in on my ukelele !  
1	Just jumped forward 3 years of mobile phone technology .  .  .  thinking back half my life ago to my bt cellnet brick is making me feel old .  .  . 
1	Xmassy arty market xXx 
1	Just shared Invoke the goddess of fear fury and fire by Rachel Blackwell 
1	Had a lovely afternoon invigilating the exhibition Flood Alert  :  be prepared at  @ thehiveWorcs cant wait for the Queens visit on Weds ! 
1	 @ kate _ garrett thanks for the rt ! 
1	To the hills ,  to the hills ,  with a picnic of fajitas and mead ! 
1	Art ,  Music ,  Mulled wine and mince pies !  all welcome at No . 4a Tonight !  !  
1	3 counties autumn show completed !  Heres how my stand looked x 
1	 # paintings Fly tipped  ( powick )  watercolour 2013 
1	
1	Is looking forward to painting away on the fourth plinth at  @ worcestermuseum on the 28th June ! 
1	Merry Monday !  Relax with stress free shopping .  .  
1	Original watercolour painting from the studies in light collection by EtherealEarthArt 
1	Just shared Drowned in the burden of history by Rachel Blackwell 
1	Just got back from a beautiful long weekend in Devon ,  back in the studio tomorrow  : o ) 
1	Just under 2 and a half hours til the no4a xmas party and open studios begins !  See u there ?  ! 
1	Been busy working on something that will be revealed on at 4a on 6th Dec at 6 : 30 heres a sneak in progress peek x 
1	Pools of mist in the severn vale x 
1	Will be painting away on the Fourth Plinth Worcester  @ worcestermuseum and art gallery on the 28th June 2012 ! 
1	I love how quickly watercolour dries in this weather ,  How it is still 12 degrees in my studio I will never know ! 
1	On the easel .  
1	New watercolours on facebook 
1	The perfect nude 
1	A cliche to live by .  .  .  We learn something new everyday . 
1	Selfie in greenlink pretending to be wistful or french or something  :  - P 
1	 @ zarinakeyani installing  # conversations with Birmingham !  
1	No . 4A 
1	Amazed by  @ sarahsehra s fantastic performance at the  @ uwgaragestudios today .  Last chance to see her 12 on tues .  
1	The Way 
1	No . 4a At Worcester Literary Festival 
1	I love drawing and colouring in  :  ) 
1	 " In the end what will hurt the most is not the words of out enemies ,  but the silence of our friends "   
1	The Way Giclee Print by Rachel A Blackwell of EtherealEarthArt 
1	Rachel Blackwell 
1	Getting ready for the pop up arts  & amp ;   craft fair in Birminghams pidgeon park tomorrow ! 
1	A beacon in the night ,  Drawing of the lighting of Worcestershire Beacon made between 8 . 30pm and 10 . 45 last night .  
