3	New instrument 
3	Clearly buzzing about tonights concert 
3	Earliest shot of Laphroaig Ive ever had .  9 - 30 
3	Im drinking this Ukrainian lager .   I think I will be pissed v v quickly 
3	The irony is that the head of stagecoach used to be a raving homophobe !  
3	 @ rockhardclub some balls to the  wall metal ,  pretty please  ;  - D
3	 @ rockhardclub pantera throes of rejection
3	 @ rockhardclub fix your face  -  dillinger escape plan
3	Coffee at 6 - 30  =  wired
3	 @ DanielManicolo  Hey dude .  Hows you ? 
3	 @ bellwolves The curry was nice thanks  :  -  ) 
3	 @ gierrofo Pretty damn cool .   Did you write it ?   : P
3	 #  manchesterpride  # russiawithlove
3	 #  manchesterpride  # russiawithlove
3	Do you want an anti -  # gay  # Olympics ?  Tell the IOC to stop Russia’s  # LGBT crackdown :  
3	Do you want an anti -  # gay  # Olympics ?  Tell the IOC to stop Russia’s  # LGBT crackdown :  
3	Oh go on then seeming though is blady warm 
3	Oi studio seal !  Get off my Laphroaig !    # twat 
3	Heaven ?  
3	Drummers are fit
3	Studio seal is behaving today 
3	 # Russia is trying to shut down all  # gay rights organisations  -  big trial on Tuesday .  Take action now :  
3	The studio seal is giving me moral support as I attempt some first violin playing 
3	FIT !  !  !  !  !  Guy of downton abbey apparently 
3	Chicken chow mein .  Was awesome 
3	The studio seal likes Cubase 
3	 @ bellwolves its not good is it .   Thats football for you .   We have Keith hill for three seasons at least so looking good for us again
3	Well it will be tea in town and straight to committee meeting  # toobusy
3	Good afternoon !  
3	 @ rockhardclub carpe diem will haven
3	 @ rockhardclub blood and thunder MASTODON
3	 @ rockhardclub and my last request and if you play this I will donate money to a worthwhile charity .   De dodenakker amenra
3	 @ rockhardclub bleed meshuggah
3	 @ rockhardclub epic  -  faith no more
3	 @ rockhardclub snap your fingers snap your neck by prong
3	 @ rockhardclub domination pantera
3	 @ rockhardclub sepultura refuse resist
3	 @ rockhardclub pandemonium by killing joke ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  ?  Not the import version
3	 @ bellwolves  so if Rochdale get promoted next season we may very  well be playing each other
3	 @ NI _ Maschine Dave Gahan
3	My maschine is komplete !  
3	Good egg ep tune 3 shaping up nicely 
3	I would very much like a sf  # gay
3	The closest to  " action "  I will be getting tonight 
3	This is the only Coleman thats any good .   Thank god we have Hilly back !  !  
3	Dark in the good egg studio tonight .    # darkatmospherictune 
3	Piss off Paris Brown .  Stop grovelling you homophobic bitch
3	This is the pizza I created at pizza express .   Ive named it  " Fix your face  -  oblivion "  
3	Damn right !   !  !  
3	I am the easter village idiot !  
3	Thanks to lucy and pete for the free cappuccino cups 
3	 @ DavidBamf0rd had a shave and everything lol
3	 @ DavidBamf0rd looking forward to it ! 
3	Listening to mass iii on bus home at 2 . 30 am is very therapeutic  # churchofra
3	Lets hope the new pope wont grope .  Ahem sorry it just rhymes
3	Lamb and lentil curry with brown rice ,  rocket and coriander 
3	 @ sigurros Amaizng show tonight guys .   Pretty much gig of my life !  Well done ,  and good luck for the rest of the tour ! 
3	Sigur Ros were awesome tonight .   Best gig of my life ! 
3	Stage age 37 .  I dont know who I am or what I want  # midlifecrises ? 
3	Fit young men in kro bar tonight .    # perv  # beer  # ftw  # fitmen
3	Why is it that employers cannot discriminate on sexuality and rightly so ,   but the church can ?    # gaymarriagebill
3	The church in Wales has a good sense of humour  # gaymarriagebill
3	I wish humankind could stop being up its own ass .  People do not choose to be gay .  Religion needs is head read sometimes !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  ! 
3	Homophobe piss off !  !  !  !  !  
3	 @ bellwolves Nah it isnt .   Its a packet of Rennies  :  )   Wouldnt go back to smoking if you paid me  : D
3	Maschine !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  
3	And one of the staff is hot ! 
3	Flat white coffee rocks  # northteapower
3	Bit snowy int Whitworth 
3	 @ bellwolves well it is keith hill .  I welcome him back with open arms ! 
3	 @ bellwolves totally the right decision .  Its been woeful to watch
3	Mixing !  
3	 @ gierrofo yes .  Was also learning how to tweet photos from the gallery as Im a tool ! 
3	Facebooks performance on mobile devices is Shite ! 
3	Tweet 
3	 @ theangelremiel Tesco burgers .  Contents 100 %  matter
3	 @ antmarina only just seen your tweet . 
3	 @ theangelremiel Post - metal noise  @ comm _ lost
3	The  " Kill the Gays "  bill is BACK ,  this time as a  " Christmas gift "  to  # Uganda .  We can stop it if we act now :  
3	Will all people in the world stop fighting over whether their god is the one to believe in .  Its fucking stupid !  And a stupid waste of life ! 
3	Well done dale  .  A much more entertaining game !  !  !  ! 
3	Not enough hot men in the village tonight grrrr
3	 # Gay Nigerians want help blocking a bill that makes being  # LGBT a crime .  Take action NOW :  
3	Panchos burritos is AMAZING !  !  ! 
3	 @ bellwolves Always the star mate .   Cant help it ,  Im so uber cool  : D
3	 @ godsofhellfire tossers
3	 @ NI _ Maschine Awesome piece of kit .  Very powerful especially when triggering scenes from another DAW .  Totally addicted ! 
3	Ok i think im a bit obsessed with AmenRa .  They are definitely in my top 10 metal bands of all time  # epic
3	Why do companies insist on writing totally shit documentarian  # annoyed
3	 @ churchofra Fantastic gig last night .  Hope to see you in the UK again soon . 
3	 @ TimParker11 lol .  I dont know ,  i think id love someone to pay my car insurance for christmas ! 
3	Fuck me !  !  Maybeshewill were amazing live !  !  !  !  Now for AmenRa !  !  ! 
3	 @ gierrofo was stillPissed this morning .  Now at metal festival
3	Sometimes when looking too hard you forget what your actually looking for  # inspirationfrombadhangover
3	Still drunk and time for damnation !  !  ! 
3	Dark cold nights grrrrrrrrr
3	Stupid temporary boards covering gap in road outside my house .  Everytime a car goes over it makes a racket  # woketooearly zzzzz
3	Thought .  If religion wasnt man made ,  there would only be one set of beliefs that were true !  Discuss ! 
3	Screw you temporary depressive episode .  Housework ,  now homemade curry and beer  # fuckyoudepression !  
3	getting old when one types in the price instead the code at a vending machine !  now the owner of a can of vimto as well as a mars bar ! 
3	Fucking shite Coleman !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  Why stsrt with cavennah or however you spell is name !  !  ! 
3	Why is it since giving up smoking 3 years ago the noise of people scrapping cereal bowls and salad boxes does my head in ?  Talk about random ! 
3	 @ bellwolves yeah the new job is going well thanks  :  -  ) 
3	So we are playing Bury ,  and a load of homophobic chants .  Fucking twats in the sandy .  Sometimes i hate being a football fan
3	 @ bellwolves Keith hill is a fantastic manager .  He is worthy of managing a premier league side . 
3	If all else fails there is always Filthgrinder by Satyricon !  !  !   :  - D
3	37 in january  :  (  still feel 25 or younger  :  -  ( 
3	Was coming down with a cold .  Fantastic walk up Pendle Hill with Andy Redgewell and co  :  -  )  Really nice and brilliant weather ! 
3	Very good !  I didnt get my angelic good looks by eating like him though  :  - p
3	This is amazing !  Got the recipe from a bbc food book .  Lamb lentil and aubegine  chilli !  !  
3	Flipping great .  Neighbours hammering when i want a lie in  :  -  ( 
3	Studio gubbins tonight .  Coming on nicely  # ftw 
3	Josh on pointless is well cute
3	One of the most boring tasks on this earth is waiting for prescriptions !  !  !  ! 
3	Brahms kicks ass !  Symphony 3 in November folks at Oldham Symphony Orchestra . 
3	Handsome men in the office  # nice
3	Its amazing how many people wish their lives away  " Groan ,  its monday is it Friday yet "  .  Dont wish your lives away .  .  . 
3	Rain rain rain rain rain rain rain  :  -  (   :  -  (   :  -  (   :  -  (   :  -  (   :  -  (   :  -  (   :  -  ( 
3	
3	Take one medium chilli con carne from the slow cooker .  Add two teaspoons of dried birds eye chilli  .  Microwave for a few mins  =  fucking hot ! 
3	I have just come up with the concept of a forehead slogan
3	By eck its a bit cold this morning .  Thawing out in North Tea Power  :  -  ) 
3	Three years ago ,  i made the most important decision ,  to stop smoking .  Not had a single one since .  Feel so much younger ! 
3	Well done Andy Murray  :  - D
3	 @ bellwolves it was good .  Of course everyone was well behaved because you werent there  :  - p
3	 @ yattyimages 7pm  :  -  ) 
3	Will someone please tell the geezer who is responsible Rochdales piss poor content management system to sort out the bloody website !   # awful
3	 @ bellwolves Ive brought in my own salad today ,  with a big slab of quiche  :  - p
3	Buzzing off working in the city  :  - D
3	Flat white coffee at north tea power rocks ! 
3	Roadworks on broadway ,  get them bloody finished !  !  ! 
3	This kebab is amazing .  Full marks to maroosh in rochdale .  This is the real deal
3	Save our pints goddamn it !  
3	Lovers of Autechre need to get the Lego Feet album .  Proper old school
3	I really want a starbucks chai tea latte  :  -  (  cant get it out of my head lol
3	Peaked too early yesterday .  Second hangover of the day .  .  .  .  .  Zzzzzz
3	Slightly hungover at the pride parade  :  -  )  keep up the good work folks ,  rise against homophobia !  !  !  !  ! 
3	Fucking traffic ,  weve had to turn back  :  -  ( 
3	Worst traffic jam in the world ffs want to get to the match !  !  ! 
3	Homemade Thai green curry frozen really works well in the microwave .  Pretty hot too  # nice
3	Happy birthday Dimebag Darrell .  R . I . P .  listening to the underground in America as a tribute . 
3	That beer was lethal last night  :  -  )  .  Recovering now  # ivebeenmossed
3	
3	Pissed dot com
3	Fat fit tea  !  !  !  
3	Really in the mood for a Cartmel sticky toffee pudding  # craving ! 
3	Dont think Ive ever seen rain as heavy as that .  By eck ! 
3	Id love a day where all gay people accept themselves .  We are so lucky in this country .   # manchesterpride
3	Left headphones at home for second day on the trot  # epicfail
3	9 . 5 mile hike on dartmoor today !  In the heat .  .  . 
3	 @ yattyimages  @ bellwolves  @ jpaddi Well done Greg !  !  !  ! 
3	 @ yattyimages  @ bellwolves  @ jpaddi love the choice of specialist subject ! 
3	 @ yattyimages  @ bellwolves  @ jpaddi hmmm tough choice  ! 
3	Hungover dot com
3	Dance comp with oven glove
3	Blueberry wine rocks  !  !  !  !  !  !  Fuck yeah !  !  !  
3	Shitusfacun
3	Glad I can cook a good curry
3	I need some rangemaster pans
3	Dessert of the year !  Rhubarb pannacotta omfg !  Better than something ruder ! 
3	8 . 5 mile walk today ,  3 miles yesterday 5 miles day before  # achingankles .  Now time for good food and ale  !  ! 
3	Just seen the best street name ever .  Inner Ting Tong  # pmsl
3	Feeling in the mood for sexy looove !  Must be the combination of beet and chocolate  :  - D
3	These are awesome  !  !  !  Limited edition in Devon apparently 
3	Enjoyable but very rainy walk on dartmoor .  Soaked and knackered as been up since 5am after great homebrew last night ! 
3	 @ bellwo
3	Getting giddy about being on holiday from Saturday  :  -  )  bring it on ! 
3	Craig Dawson made in Rochdale
3	Pete and the boys !  !  
3	 @ danny _ naylor yeah dude  ,  do it man  :  -  ) 
3	 @ danny _ naylor yeah man ,  real good thanks .   :  -  ) 
3	Im sure cups of tea send me a bit giddy
3	 @ danny _ naylor hows you anyhow  ? 
3	Its amazing ,  just a few weeks and my breathing is even better !  Coming up to three years since I gave up smoking !  Never going back  ! 
3	 @ danny _ naylor aye  :  -  ) 
3	 @ danny _ naylor its reeves and mortimers fault not mine  :  -  ) 
3	 @ danny _ naylor Tittybiscuits !  !  ! 
3	 @ gierrofo Tittybiscuits !  !  !  ! 
3	Never watched handball before  .  Pretty into it  :  -  ) 
3	What a load of sad fucked up people we live with in this country .  Always complaining ! 
3	No one person is more important than any human being .  Therefore go forth and reach your potential for your own reason in life .  Just do it
3	Drunk  "   ,  shit what am I gonna be like in the morning
3	NHS in the opening ceremony in the Olympics  ,  exactly what the government want rid of .  How fucking ironic !  !   # pissofftories
3	I love The Dillinger Escape Plan ! 
3	Quote from mr angry  " Adam rundle a fucking decent winger "  WTF  # shitarse
3	This new tune Im writing is the direction Ive wanted to head in ages ! 
3	Meshuggah and diet coke a surprisingly good combination !  ! 
3	Hottest dish on the planet !  Must have had 200 chillis in it .  Even I have been defeated 
3	 @ bellwolves done that essential health and safety training yet ? 
3	Im about to have a Chinese with  @ nadshassan at red chilli on Oxford road  # excited
3	 @ gierrofo I am now queuing outside the post office collection centre ! 
3	Stuck in flipping traffic !  !  !  !  ! 
3	Maschine is giving me the possibilities Ive only dreamed off
3	Well done Liverpool 
3	Just made a kick ass Chinese beef and leek .  Nom nom nom ! 
3	Razoreater  ,  Amenra  =  TUNE !  !  !  !  !  !  !  ! 
3	Forgot just how good Mass IIII is by AmenRa !  !  ! 
3	New track in the making 
3	Looking pretty pro  :  - D 
3	Still rehearsing the shostakovich in my head !  FML the concert was 3 days ago  :  -  )  too late now ! 
