2	Christmas gift to myself ,  hiring 
2	the coolest place in town in Ottawa 
2	Halloweenie Reading Night at Venus Envy Sex and Bookstore October 24th 7 : 30 PM .  .  .  you and friends are welcome jto ello brains and free fangs
2	Draft one of The Crimson Dream  ( A Vampire Escape )  is finished .  .  .  107 , 515 words .  .  .  Only took me over two years .  Good golly I feel older . 
2	Check out  @ CrimsonVampiress profile on  @ Square :  
2	Art in Strathcona Park takes place next weekend August 10th in Strathcona Park  ( east end of Ottawa on Range Road )  .  .  .  
2	Ottawa Comic - Con 2013 is over for another year .  .  .  I sold out of Crimson Vampire Novels !  Yippee !  Yahoo ! 
2	The Crimson Time  ( A Vampire Crawl )  ;  my fourth vampire novel is nearing the 17 , 000 reads mark on 
2	ComicCon is coming 2nd week in May in Ottawa  -  Ill be there .  .  . 
2	 @ astrologyzone Please take care of your health .  .  .  our greatest source of wealth bar none !  I always look forward to your monthly reports ! 
2	
2	2013 is upon us .  .  time to get moving .  I recorded two videos of me reading the first chapter from my first novel ,  .  .  .  
2	Ottawa Independent Writers 2012 Authors and Artisans Fall Fair takes place tomorrow Sunday Dec 2nd at Jack .  .  .  
2	The Ottawa Citizen STYLE magazine link is up and running .  Once again ,  thank you heaps for the most amazing piece .  .  .  
2	Thank you heaps to Ottawa Style magazine for the awesome piece that appeared in their Winter 2012 issue .  .  .  me and .  .  .  
2	Its poster time again !  Come on out and pick yourself up a book for the Christmas holidays  ( or buy them as .  .  .  
2	I posted 5 photos on Facebook in the album  " Tinas B - Day weekend in the wilds "  
2	I posted 9 photos on Facebook in the album  "  "  
2	Sapphyrias Steamy Book Reviews gives The Crimson Crimes four stars  -  thank you !  !  !  !  Follow this link to read the .  .  .  
2	Sapphyrias Steamy Book Reviews gives The Crimson Crimes four stars  -  thank you !  !  !  !  Follow this link to read the .  .  .  
2	Happy Halloween !  For those who may have missed it ,  heres the link to my YouTube vid of my recent book launch .  .  .  
2	Thank you to Donnas Blog Home for the guest post ! 
2	Happy Halloweenie .  .  .  .  heres the YouTube video of my book launch party for The Crimson Crimes  ( a vampire .  .  .  
2	For those of you who are at home ,  scoll down until you reach my name :  
2	CTV News at Noon will air a five minute interview about my fifth vampire novel The Crimson Crimes today  ( Oct 27 )  .  .  .  
2	Thank you to Romancing The Darkside for posting my character interview of Auntie .  Read it hear :  .  .  .  
2	Thank you to Joie De Lire for the guest post :  .  .  .  
2	Character Interview on Joie De Lire .  .  .  
2	I posted 51 photos on Facebook in the album  " The Crimson Crimes :  Book Launch Pics "  
2	Just finished a live interview on Rogers Ottawa Cable TV  ( Channel 22 )  which will air today at 2 PM and again .  .  .  
2	At The Desk of .  .  .  .  thank you to Open Book Ontario for publishing my wee piece :  .  .  .  
2	Thank you to Open Book :  Ontario for publishing my latest piece  -  At The Desk .  .  .  .  .  .  
2	The Crimson Crimes receives a review from Novelly Nice
2	Thank you to Ottawa Woman on - line magazine for the promotion in regard to posting .  .  .  
2	Book launch  
2	Ottawa Author ,  Patricia K .  McCarthy ,  Launches her Newest Vampire Novel  |  Open Book :  Ontario :  
2	 @ TheSPACE newsletter .  .  .  .  subscribe and youll receive updates on the latest and greatest events happenin in the .  .  .  
2	 @ TheSPACE newsletter .  .  .  .  subscribe and youll receive updates on the latest and greatest events happenin in the .  .  .  
2	Variation of a postering theme .  .  .  .  
2	LinkedIn Events :  The Crimson Crimes  ( a vampire revenge )  book launch party 
2	Its a lonely promo world out there and when you poster know the times when and when not to .  .  .  aggressive .  .  .  
2	The Crimson Crimes was featured on  @ TheSpace newsletter ;  first issue in September  -  check it .  .  .  
2	The Crimson Crimes was featured on  @ TheSpace newsletter ;  first issue in September  -  check it .  .  .  
2	its poster time .  .  .  between now and Oct 11 ,  when my book launch party for The Crimson Crimes blasts off ,  youll .  .  .  
2	Im the author of this naughty series of vampire erotica books .  .  .  theyre good for the soul and you dont have .  .  .  
2	where the QR codes will take you .  .  .  .  Tumblr site by David Three Rats in lieu of upcoming book launch party for .  .  .  
2	If you take life too seriously youll never get out alive .   ( Bugs Bunny ) 
2	I posted 10 photos on Facebook in the album  "  "  
2	The world would be a terribly lonely place without art .  .  .  check out  these wonderful acrylic works  ( plus other .  .  .  
2	Crimson vampire novels in ePub and PDF for easy download at 
2	The Crimson Crimes  -  Chapter One 
2	QR - Poster design by David Three Rats ,  my wonderful graphic design artist  ( also responsible for cover design of .  .  .  
2	Popcorn Indianas Dark Fudge Chocolate Chip Kettlecorn should be illegal .  .  .  it is that evil ,  delicious ,  .  .  .  
2	Sign up for The Crimson Crimes book tour on :  
2	My fourth vampire novel ,  The Crimson Time  ( a vampire crawl )  is nearing the mark of 5 , 000 downloads on .  .  .  
2	A mans kiss is his signature  ( Mae West ;  American actress ,  playwright ,  screenwriter and sex symbol  -  her career .  .  .  
2	My Crimson novels made an appearance at Art in Strathcona Park this past Saturday ,  where proceeds from table .  .  .  
2	Art in Strathcona Park is done for another year ;  Saturdays fair drew crowds in support of the Ottawa Mental .  .  .  
2	 " Its better to be looked over than over looked !  "   ( May West ) 
2	Ottawas Old Carleton County Jail 
2	Recent coverage for The Crimson Crimes in True North Perspective magazine on Friday July 13th :  .  .  .  
2	True North Perspective magazine gave my fifth novel ,  The Crimson Crimes a lovely piece of coverage from last .  .  .  
2	Reading from my fifth vampire novel ,  The Crimson Crimes ,  tomorrow night at Ottawa Independent Writers .  .  .  .  a lusty excerpt  perhaps ? 
2	Waiting not - so - patiently for the proof to come from the printer for my fifth vampire novel The Crimson Crimes .  .  .  .   !  !  !  !  !  !  !  ! 
2	The writing of my website updates begins today for 
2	Looking at The Crimson Time :  a vampire crawl by Patricia McCarthy  @ Patricia K .  McCarthy at  # smashwords 
2	Outlook Scheduling Assistant is a total piece of crap software !  I curse Microsoft times ten . 
2	Time to celebrate .  .  .  cover design work for novel  # 5 The Crimson Crimes is accomplished  -  thank you David Three Rats ! 
2	Naughty Novelist Night Thur Feb 2  -  Venus Envy .  .  .  Im reading kinky
2	interview with The Ottawa Citizen wrapped up last Saturday  -  special feature should appear in October on my vampire novels  -  yay ! 
2	Authors in the Park  -  Aug 6 ;  Sandy Hill ,  Ottawa  -   -  Ill be slinging my vampire Crimson series  -  come ye all and see ! 
2	Reading  " The Crimson Time  -  A Vampire Crawl "  on Scribd 
2	And when you change the landscape is it with bare hands or with gloves ?   ( Pablo Neruda ;  The Book of Questions ) 
2	Does the living drop of mercury run downward or forever ?   ( Pablo Neruda ;  Chilean poet ) 
2	will your mouth kiss carnations with other ,  imminent lips ?   ( Pablo Neruda ;  Chilean poet ) 
2	its better to sleep with a cannibal than a drunken Christian
2	pitched my fourth vampire novel ,  The Crimson Time ,  to Tribeca Film Studios in NYC .  .  .  .  fingies crossed
2	Woo - hoo .  .  .  .  my four vampire novels are now listed on www . writingraw . com which is based in the good ol USA .  May clients beat a path to me . 
2	Today is book launch day  -  wine ,  nibbles ,  fine friends and a full chapter reading from my fourth vampire novel The Crimson Time ! 
2	My fourth vampire novel ,  The Crimson Time ,  will be officially released this Saturday October 23rd at Venus Envy at 7 : 30 PM .  .  woo hoo ! 
2	concluded a great radio interview on Authors Audio this past week .  .  .  just the beginning as my publicist ramps up for the fourth novel
2	Art in Strathcona Park was awesome  -  sold 22 novels ;  a squirrel pissed on my head and my table was next to the great newphew of Bram Stoker
2	yeah yeah yeah we all know chris brown gave a good performance but you DONT forgive brutality in favour of talent
2	Sin has many tools but a lie is the handle that fits them all .  .  .   ( Oliver Wendell Holmes ,  American poet ,  died 1894 ) 
2	Ill be whistling when I go the printers today  -  thank you heaps to all my support ,  from David Three Rats ,  my editor ,  to my copy editor etc
2	new ISBN assigned to my fourth novel ,  The Crimson Time ,  this morning .  .  .  Im getting closer to the dream  -  write ,  publish ,  release ,  party !  !  ! 
2	to tweet or not to tweet that is the chirp
2	the very long legs of friday get out of bed and stretch in preparation for the coming weekend .  .  .  mmmmmm
2	three days down to April 30 with two to go .  .  .  tax season should be declared open like hunting season .  .  .  I feel beatin up
2	and the huckstering continues .  .  .  my publicist is now pitching to a local TV show .  .  .  may the Universe give back to me some good vibes
2	im so happy that Tiger Woods lost the Masters .  .  .  time to eat some humble pie
2	CJOH interview aired on march 2nd  -  my 15 min .  interview was whittled down to 30 seconds  -  sounds about right
2	total devastation in Haiti following the earthquake .  .  .  dont ever think you have problems until your entire way of life is destroyed
2	saw New Moon over the holidays  -  submitted my review to True North Perspective magazine .  .  fourth novel is now being slashed by my editor
2	Fridays are proof that God exists .  .  . 
2	took a bath with one quarter cup epsom salt and olive oil to make the skin silky .  .  .  then this morning I nearly slipped and broke my neck
2	CTV and A - Channel interviews in the bag .  .  .  got the DVD in the mail last night and watched in horror as I looked at my pudgy body on televion
2	wading further into the first edited draft of my fourth novel .  .  .  TV appearance to follow this wednesday .  .  .  ah the life of a pimpette
2	we are so much more in our dreams ;  last night i shared a sandwich with christopher walkin and gave my business card to steve soderbergh huh ? 
2	havent so much as a stitch of coin in my pocket  -  no double chocolate muffin this friday work morning for this kitty kat  -  meow
2	had a brutal cycle last night ,  battling awesome head winds .  .  .  also swallowed several insects which are rich in protein ,  so I am told
2	a frigidly cold Corona with a wedge of lime rammed into the bottle .  .  .  .  glug ,  glug ,  glug .  .  .  the heat is crawling up to 38 degrees in Ottawa
2	i write and i write and i write and ever so slowly my epilogue to my fourth novel takes shape .  .  .  as for the ending
2	the writing life is hell and happiness in equal proportions  -  happy when the sentence flows and hell when it stops you cold
2	ive now reached the stage of writing the epilogue for my fourth novel  -  i am relieved and scared  -  scrutiny by my editor is looming
2	on the chocolate wagon now ,  going into week three  -  my teeth are chattering ! 
2	3 wishes :  1 that I learn six languages ;  2 that I eat whatever I want and 3 that I sleep each night like a baby  -   -  wouldnt that be grand ? 
2	tax season is officially over .  .  .  .  i wanna get drunk
2	attending a parade for Picasso  -  i peer in between the legs of an onlooker and Picasso waves back at me  -  wishful dream
2	trapped on the bridge of starship Voyager  -  everything is covered in snow  -  i wipe the windows clean and look out into deep cold space
2	painting a lawyers portrait .  .  .  i am queen  &  henry VIII chases me
2	woke up from a 6 - week coma because someone deep - tongued kissed me  -  i was in my old bedroom and the walls were covered with pink wallpaper
2	driving with brad pitt in pick - up truck behind house ,  looking in window ,  seeing two men having sex with one woman ,  an orgy
2	i dont care what anyone says about gratitude for life and all that touchy - feely stuff .  .  .  snow in April is just plain wrong ! 
2	wading into chapter 19 of my fourth vampire erotica novel  -  i feel like a masochist to embark on a 2nd trilogy  -  can you say sextuplet ? 
2	hey there mr d .  .  .  top of the wet morning to ya .  .  .  .  did ya dream of spring walls brightly coloured with colour ? 
2	I arrived on a movie set and told Russell Crowe Im not an actor Im a writer  -  he throws a baseball at my head  -  last nights twisted dream
2	pulling my head out of my proverbial to go to work
