3	This is great :  
3	 @ arun _ belur I use a Strymon Timeline and Bobby uses a G system but is swapping to Axe Fx .  Need presets for the Floyd stuff
3	All new 15 video module now live on our site .  Blues Guitar Volume 1 
3	Q :  Whats the difference between a pianist and God ?  A :  God doesnt think hes a pianist .   # musicianjokes
3	Bass players .  This ones for you ! 
3	Do you really need all those guitars ?  
3	Check out the new Shiba Drive RELOADED from  @ SuhrCustom ,  featuring some particularly tasty playing from  @ petethorn . 
3	Today ,  we are editing videos for some great new  # GuitarLessons ,  coming very soon . 
3	Bergen .  Norwegian hotels have the weirdest artwork .  
3	FretHub Poll :  What are your favourite guitar RIFFS of all time ?  We want to teach your top 20 in a new series of video lessons
3	We need your help to teach the Greatest Rock Guitar Riffs of all time .  Whats your favourite ? 
3	I just cant wait to buy some antiperspirant .  Roll on ,  deodorant ! 
3	FretHub Poll :  What are your favourite guitar RIFFS of all time ?  We want to teach your top 20 in a new series of video lessons
3	Q :  Whats the difference between a pianist and God ?  A :  God doesnt think hes a pianist .   # musicianjokes
3	Who is your favourite guitar player ?  Let us know .  .  . 
3	Wanna play like Nile Rodgers ?  Check out our NEW 7 part module on Funk Rhythm Guitar .  Try for FREE 
3	 @ CarlMartin _ fx Thanks for the RT . 
3	So ,  its a bit Dm7ish ,  with an added 11 ,  then ? 
3	View from the train window on my daily train journey to Rock Of Ages  # pinkfloyd  # albumcovers 
3	Tip of the day .  Take a FretHub Free Trial
3	Check out  @ petethorns demo of the  # RiotReloaded by  @ SuhrCustom 
3	FretHub needs your votes !  Were about to shoot a series of lessons called  " Top 20 Guitar Riffs "   & amp ;  want your input .  What are your favourites ? 
3	 " Pigs  ( Three Different Ones )  "  performed by Brit Floyd ,  featuring Frethubs Bobby Harrison 
3	Amazing Fathers Day Gift !  Buy him a Frethub Gift Voucher for a years Membership 
3	View from the stage at last nights Albert Hall show .  Photo by Ian Cattell .  
3	Today ,  we finished filming  " Blues Guitar  -  Vol 1 "  .  Also ,  our new Slide Guitar lessons will soon be available at 
3	Sorry ,  I forgot to post the actual YouTube link to the new Shiba Drive RELOADED ,  by  @ SuhrCustom with  @ petethorn .  
3	FretHub needs your votes !  Were about to teach the  " Top 20 Greatest Guitar Riffs "   & amp ;  want your input .  What should we include ? 
3	Just going through some old boxes at my parents .  Guitarists :  Remember this old bean ?  
3	Who needs arms to play guitar anyway .  
3	 @ JoseP97 _  Sorry ,  we dont really listen to Judas Priest
3	Free Pink Floyd song guitar lessons 
3	Check out our demo of the Fulltone FatBoost Pedal 
3	I just put iTunes on shuffle ,  so why doesnt any of my music swing better ? 
3	Paramedics .  Are they like normal medics ,  except they think everyones talking about them ? 
3	Wanna play like Nile Rodgers ?  Youll need our NEW 7 part module on Funk Rhythm Guitar .  Watch for FREE 
3	Today ,  we have mostly been editing new  # SlideGuitar video lessons .  Watch this space .  .  . 
3	Can you play bass like this ?  
3	 " Echoes "  Part 1 performed by Brit Floyd ,  featuring Frethubs Bobby Harrison 
3	Bios of Nick and Bobby ,  your Frethub pro instructors 
3	Q :  What do you get when you drop a piano into a mine shaft ?  A :  A Flat Miner  # musicianjokes
3	We now have not 1 ,  but 2 new modules in our Intermediate series !  
3	The wait is finally over .  Its here at last .  Its our new blog !  !  !  
3	FretHub poll :  Whats your favourite guitar riff of all time ?  Were planning to teach you your all - time ,  top riffs very soon .   # GuitarLessons
3	Start your FREE Frethub trial here :  
3	Today ,  we have mostly been playing slide guitar .   # GuitarLessons
3	 @ keremozutemiz Interesting .  Im not aware of that riff ? 
3	 @ CoreyFBC Since all the solos feature string bends and vibrato ,  its important to learn the techniques in levels 1 - 5 . 
3	 " The face of a child can say it all ,  especially the mouth part of the face "  Jack Handey
3	Whilst moving the Frethub operation from Bobbys place I accidentally left the stool .  It wasnt the only stool I left there .  Mwa ha ha ha
3	On this day in 1977 ,  Joe Strummer and Nicky Headon were each fined £5 for spray - painting The Clash on a wall .   # thisdayinmusic
3	When I was at school ,  there were at least 30 ukulele players in my year :  Form B . 
3	Ask questions frequently ?  Our FAQ section is for you !  
3	Slide Guitar lessons ,  anyone ?  
3	 " Mother "  performed by Brit Floyd ,  featuring Frethubs Bobby Harrison 
3	 @ SuhrCustom has also  " Reloaded "  the Riot ,  one of our favourite pedals .  Great demo ,  again by  @ petethorn .  
3	 @ Jedizen07 Thanks so much . 
3	 " This Looks Great – Well Done !  Good Luck with it .  Cheers ,  Bri”  Brian May ,  Queen 
3	Tonights gig in Moscow .  Photo :  Ian Cattell .  
3	Amazing Fathers Day Gift !  Buy him a Frethub Gift Voucher for a Years Guitar Lessons 
3	 @ goStrumm Didnt mean to unfollow you .  Were back !  Thanks too
3	 @ CoreyFBC Having said that ,   " Run Like Hell "  is a lot more straightforward ,  providing you have a delay pedal at your disposal . 
3	FretHub Poll :  What are your favourite guitar RIFFS of all time ?  We want to teach your top 20 in a new series of video lessons
3	Q :  Whats the similarity between a drummer and a philosopher ?  A :  They both perceive time as an abstract concept .   # musicianjokes
3	 " Learning to Fly "  performed by Brit Floyd ,  featuring Frethubs Bobby Harrison 
3	 @ arun _ belur Hard to choose .  Easier to pick albums .  For me  ( Nick )  The Wall and Animals
3	 # GuitarLessons Were currently filming lots of exciting new content for 
3	FretHub Poll :  What are your favourite guitar riffs of all time ?  We want to teach your top 20 in a new series of video lessons
3	 " Ooh ,  advertisements you CANT skip !  Thanks ,  YouTube !  "  ,  said nobody ,  EVER ! 
3	Big welcome to all our new members over the last couple of weeks .  Happy New Year to all Thubbers ! 
3	Tune of the day  -  Steve Vai and Zappa plays Zappa  -  Zomby Woof 
3	Waiting for the worms .  Roger Waters .  Wembley Stadium .  
3	 " Echoes "  Part 2 performed by Brit Floyd ,  featuring Frethubs Bobby Harrison 
3	 " One of These Days "  performed by Brit Floyd ,  featuring Frethubs Bobby Harrison 
3	Today we started filming a new series of lessons .  Watch this space for Frethubs  " Blues Guitar  -  Volume 1 "  . 
3	Unlimited access to a huge library of video tutorials 
3	 # FreeGuitarLessons Check out our FREE ,  hour long study of the techniques of String Bending and Vibrato :  
3	Restraint is a 175 - page  @ fractalaudio manual read from cover to cover and GTA V still in its shrink - rap .  
3	Wanna hear an 11 yr old girl play Rushs XYZ on an electric Organ  -  all the parts ?  Awesome !  
3	 @ arun _ belur  I went to Petes workshop and he showed me the SS3 .  It was amazing but I couldnt afford it at the time ! 
3	 @ BobbyPHarrison :  Not one ,  but TWO Carl Martin Plexitones on my pedalboard .   @ CarlMartin _ fx 
3	Q :  Where does the jazz musician live ?  A :  Flat 5 .   # musicianjokes
3	I took my ultra thin MacBook to the toilet and felt like royalty .  Air to the throne . 
3	Im at the Doctors Surgery and theyre playing Judas Priest in the waiting room . 
3	OD Pedal shootout through a Dr Z Maz 38 combo .  Suhr Riot vs Boiling Point vs  ( far cheaper )  Carl Martin DC Drive .  @ CarlMartin _ fx wins .  The end
3	It makes my blood BOIL that there arent enough Czech tennis players competing at Wimbledon this year .  Okay ,  Rantova ! 
3	One for all the drummers out there ,  and musicians in general 
3	What are your Top 10 Favourite Guitar Riffs of all time .  Were planning a series of Riff lessons and thought we should put it to the vote ! 
3	Tonights gig .  California Mid State Fair ,  Paso Robles .  
3	Genuinely jaw on the floor shocked !  
3	Broken a string mid song ?  No problem ,  just employ the services of Stevie Ray Vaughans guitar tech !  
3	Stevie Wonder and Sting .  Doesnt get much better than this 
3	Ive recently started putting one foot in front of the other .  Its definitely the way forward . 
3	 " Shine On You Crazy Diamond  ( Parts I - V )  "  performed by Brit Floyd ,  featuring Frethubs Bobby Harrison 
3	Bios of Nick and Bobby ,  your Frethub pro instructors 
3	What was your favourite Glastonbury set ? 
3	Help us reach our first 100 thousand views on a youtube lesson !  
3	 @ HenrikArens Brilliant .  Thanks . 
3	Were still compiling your suggestions for our Top 20 guitar riffs of all time tutorial .  Thanks and keep them coming . 
3	 @ arun _ belur Havent tried either ,  but I hear theyre both great . 
3	Check out FretHubs Bobby Harrison performing Mother "  with BritFloyd at Liverpools Echo Arena 
3	Cant wait to play GTA V ?  Check this video out : 
3	Guitarists :  Add a little Star Wars excitement to your solos by saying  " Punch it ,  Chewie "  just before you stomp onto your lead channel . 
3	 " This Looks Great – Well Done !  Good Luck with it .  Cheers ,  Bri”  Brian May ,  Queen 
3	Guitarists :  Are you forever tripping over your cable on stage ?  Why not turn it into a cool rock move ? 
3	Playing Liverpool Echo arena tonight .  Expect a few surprises .  .  . 
3	 @ arun _ belur Thanks .  Same to you ! 
3	 @ arun _ belur Thank you very much .  Were glad you found it useful . 
3	Brit Floyd ,  featuring Frethubs Bobby ,  performing  " Time " at Red Rocks ,  Colorado ,  last weekend :  
3	 @ sbaxtermusic Thanks very much ,  Simon . 
3	Every time I walk past an old castle or a tank ,  I start swearing uncontrollably .  I think I might have Turrets Syndrome . 
3	First gig with the  @ rockboxeffects Boiling Point pedal .  Its taken 20 years and countless OD pedals but Ive finally found THE ONE "  Amazing
3	 @ arun _ belur Thanks very much . 
3	Free Pink Floyd song guitar lessons 
3	FretHub Poll :  What are your favourite guitar riffs of all time ?  We want to teach your top 20 in a new series of video .  lessons . 
3	Whats red and isnt there ?  No Tomatoes
3	 @ SpagFlying  @ BobbyPHarrison Theres no riff in that
3	 # GuitarLessons Were currently filming some great new FretHub content .  More news to come .  .  . 
3	Free Pink Floyd song guitar lessons 
3	 " Money "  performed by Brit Floyd ,  featuring Frethubs Bobby Harrison 
3	Heres a little unplugged performance Bobby recorded earlier this week with Brit Floyd ,  for Liverpool Live TV :  
3	 # FreeGuitarLessons Learn to play the Blues :  
3	Q :  What do you get when you drop a piano into a mine shaft ?  A :  A Flat Miner  # musicianjokes
3	Try the best online guitar course for free 
3	 " Best online guitar tuition I have seen so far ,  by far .  "  
3	 " Learning to Fly "  performed by Brit Floyd ,  featuring Frethubs Bobby Harrison 
3	 @ dk768 Great suggestions .  Thanks . 
3	 @ arun _ belur  Ive got that too .  It sounds fantastic but too big to go on the pedal board .  I tend to use it at home
3	Let us bow down to the isolated Eddie Van Halen guitar track of Hot For Teacher 
3	Free Pink Floyd song guitar lessons 
3	Bobbys gig tonight .  Mandalay Bay Beach ,  Las Vegas .  Photo :  James Cole .  
3	 " Us and Them "  performed by Brit Floyd ,  featuring Frethubs Bobby Harrison 
3	FretHub Poll :  What are your favourite guitar RIFFS of all time ?  We want to teach your top 20 in a new series of video lessons
3	 @ arun _ belur The MXR Carbon Copy is a great analogue delay too . 
3	 @ FretHub :  Having a pedal shoot out today .  Its like trying to pick a favourite child .   @ SuhrCustom   @ CarlMartin _ fx 
3	 @ kjlee2112 Nice suggestions .  Thanks . 
3	Right ,  thats it .  Im giving up music .  This multi instrumentalist from London is seriously talented and hes only 18 !  
3	 " Shine On You Crazy Diamond  ( Parts I - V )  "  performed by Brit Floyd ,  featuring Frethubs Bobby Harrison 
3	Its Friday 13th .  I just witnessed a calculator being beaten up by a gang of youths .  Unlucky for sums . 
3	Just taken delivery of these beauties from  @ CarlMartin _ fx  .  Amazing ,  amp - like tone in a small package .  Brilliant !  
3	Welcome to the school of funk 
3	Oh no !  HELP !  I really want to watch that Russian tennis player ,  but I cant find the remote .  Its on NOW !  Oh ,  there it is .  .  .  Panikova ! 
3	Guitar lessons from beginner to rock star !  
3	What are your Top 10 Favourite Guitar Riffs of all time .  Were planning a series of Riff lessons and thought we should put it to the vote ! 
3	Tonights gig .  O2 Arena ,  Dublin .  
3	 # GuitarAdvice ?  Absolute gold here from Scott Henderson :  
3	Magic Sam !  Nice ,  slow minor blues .  And check out the uptempo boogie at 3 : 25 !  
3	 @ arun _ belur Thanks very much .  Have a great Christmas too . 
3	FretHub is moving offices today .  Heres Nick ,  holding our entire operation in both hands .  
3	Our FREE Pink Floyds  " Time "  tutorial has had over 100 , 000 views :  
3	Q : How many folk singers does it take to change a light bulb ?  A : One to change it and 5 to sing about how good the old one was  # musicianjokes
3	 " Mother "  performed by Brit Floyd ,  featuring Frethubs Bobby Harrison 
3	Who is your favourite blues musician whose name sounds like a conveniently located toilet facility ?  Ours is WC Handy . 
3	Eres a tweet for ya !   # davidcoverdaletweets
3	 " Money "  performed by Brit Floyd ,  featuring Frethubs Bobby Harrison 
3	Josh Groban sings Kanye West tweets 
3	Guitar lessons from beginner to rock star !  
3	 " Echoes "  Part 2 performed by Brit Floyd ,  featuring Frethubs Bobby Harrison 
3	 " Pigs  ( Three Different Ones )  "  performed by Brit Floyd ,  featuring Frethubs Bobby Harrison 
3	 @ wisnuhimawan90 Thats a great one .  Thanks . 
3	Q :  What do you throw a drowning bass player ?  A :  His amp .   # musicianjokes
3	Frethubs video editor captured working on the new Funk Rhythm Guitar module 
3	Q :  Whats the difference between a bass player and a pizza ?  A :  A pizza can feed a family of four .   # musicianjokes
3	Do you like Blogs ?  Then read our new Blog ,  on our Blog page .  Mmm .  .  . Blogs !  
3	We now have 2 new modules in our Intermediate series !  Electric Slide and String Bending  & amp ;  Vibrato 
3	My uncle just landed a place in the Guinness Book Of Records for having 87 pigeons land on him at once .  What a ledge ! 
3	Slide Guitar lessons ,  anyone ?  You can have this one for free !  
3	Just met Pat Travers who came to see Rock Of Ages in London tonight .  What a nice guy ! 
3	Start your FREE Frethub trial here :  
3	 @ Dunnery Nice to meet you in Epping last week .  What a marvellous night !  Nick ,  the Cumbrian .  .  . 
3	Q :  Whats the difference between a bull and a band ?  A :  The bull has the horns in the front and the asshole in the back .    # musicianjokes .  .  . 
3	Tempura .  Didnt she have a part time job on the Starship Enterprise ? 
3	Slide Guitar lessons ,  anyone ?  
3	Frethub are teaching the greatest riffs of all time .  We need suggestions for the list please .  .  .  .  .  . 
3	 " Best online guitar tuition I have seen so far ,  by far .  "  
3	 # FREEGuitarLesson .  Improve your string bending and vibrato here :  
3	 # FREEGuitarLessons .  An hour long study of the string bending and vibrato techniques :  
3	 @ JamesGrimes46  @ fractalaudio Santa brought us both an Axe Fx but now he cant afford to go to the pub
3	 @ arun _ belur Hi Arun .  Were busy adding other videos to the site ,  but we might make a new batch of Floyd lessons in the near future . 
3	 " Another Brick in the Wall Part 2 "  performed by Brit Floyd ,  featuring Frethubs Bobby Harrison 
3	 @ IanMcCubbin Hi Ian .  Unfortunately ,  we dont offer bass lessons at the moment ,  but it is something were hoping to do in near future . 
3	FREE Blues Guitar lesson ,  anyone ?  Heres Part 1 of FretHubs new Blues Guitar series :  
3	FretHub Poll :  What are your favourite guitar RIFFS of all time ?  We want to teach your top 20 in a new series of video lessons
3	Is anybody actually going to work today ,  or are you all playing GTA V ? 
3	Q :  How do you know when there is a drummer at the door ?  A :  The knock speeds up .   # musicianjokes  # guitarlessons
3	This door handle isnt angry with you .  Just disappointed .  
3	 " Echoes "  Part 1 performed by Brit Floyd ,  featuring Frethubs Bobby Harrison 
3	Watch this space for a whole load of new lessons ,  coming very soon ! 
3	Last show after 2 years of Rock Of Ages .  Its been a blast .  Now to get filming the next batch of lessons 
