2	And best wishes for 2014 !  !  !  ! 
2	I will wish you all a happy and prosperous new year filled with love  ( and tom cruise - without - his - top - on related dreams !  ) 
2	Because I will be asleep by midnight  ( Im getting too old for late nights  ;  )   ) 
2	Well ,  safe in the knowledge that everyone in my life is as nutty as me ,  I will away to bed . 
2	And who knows what opportunities for mayhem lie ahead ? 
2	I have a feeling that 2014 will fly just as fast but we will make it as wonderful as possible . 
2	some amazing friends and a wonderful sister from another mister and the support of my amazing family ! 
2	This year has been a strange one but I will see the back of it knowing that I have a job I love , 
2	 (  not literally of course as Im so Christmas fat Id probably bust it lol  * wobble *   * wobble *  ) 
2	Well everyone is writing new year messages so I think I will jump on the bandwagon ! 
2	Merry Christmas !  Heres something Santa brought be for being a good girl !  
2	Its sooo bloody cold !  And I forgot to get a Cadbury Yule log with the chaos in Northallerton tesco !  BUGGER ! 
2	Accident just outside leeming bar ,  diversion through scruton
2	Honestly all I wanted him to do was get his stupid van off our drive ,  next thing I know Im hauling the guys mattress around !   # FridayThe13th
2	So Friday the 13th and all that happened was an unfortunate episode where I got tricked into helping a neighbour carry a huge mattress ! 
2	 @ realmatbaynton Think yourself lucky your name is not  " Siobhan " 
2	Very sad news about Nelson Mandela !  What an inspirational man he was
2	There are so many Christmas lights in my house right now it can light up the entire cul - de - sac ! 
2	 # petswithsparkle  @ marksandspencer Marzia my 6 month old jackahuahua  :  )  
2	 @ marksandspencer  # petswithsparkle Nobody puts baby in the corner ,  she isnt so fussy about beds though !   :  )  
2	Its babys tenth birthday !  !  Happy birthday ginger bear  :  )  
2	A bit of audience participation on tonights  @ imacelebrity synchronised vomiting anyone ? 
2	Dont say I didnt warn you all .  .  .  .  
2	Seriously everyone get on iTunes now ! 
2	Everyone follow  @ Eltonthesnowman and buy his series or il find each and every one of you and throw cabbage at you AND NOONE LIKES CABBAGE ! 
2	 @ Eltonthesnowman I will threaten everyone I know until they buy it ! 
2	Well I didnt really want chewed up bits of rawhide on my black trousers .  Matz ,  however had other ideas .  .  . 
2	Culture show interview with  @ ladygaga was certainly an eye opener !  Someone who really lives for art and doesnt give a rats arse ! 
2	 @ Eltonthesnowman Hello Elton ,  I assure you the pleasure is all mine ! 
2	 @ SamBaileyREAL What a voice !  A true star and the only reason I watch this nonsense  # XFactor
2	Such a busy day running around but now Im ready for bed and thankful I made it to bedale in one piece driving in the nasty weather ! 
2	 # DealOrNoDeal  # dond terrible first round !  !  ! 
2	 @ ladygaga What an amazing performance on the  # XFactor you truly showed the world what an amazingly talented performer you are ! 
2	 @ loosewomen I was only ever  " smacked "  once on the back of the leg as a child and I never misbehaved again !  Even as a teenager ! 
2	 @ thisisstarradio any news on whats going on at morton on swale bridge ,  some sort of accident been stuck half an hour trying to get to n / ton
2	Cant sleep for some reason ! 
2	I enjoy my  # crabbiestime lounging in the garden with a crabbies in one hand and my favourite summer read in the other !   :  ) 
2	 @ ruthmiles61  # missingmypuppy  # seeyouinthemorning
2	 @ TheAppleInc There is an issue with ios7 on the iPad .  When you go to use the keyboard it is stunted and often doesnt work at all ! 
2	During the past three days mother and I have had a Downton marathon in preparation for a tonight !   @ Allenleech  # excited  # DowntonAbbey
2	Cont :  and have managed to wipe every trace of themselves from the internet !  ! 
2	Isnt it irritating when someone just disappears off the face of the earth !  Especially if they are a tech genius
2	 # HowIMetYourMother  # HIMYM Love a bit of how I met your mother on a lazy Friday ! 
2	I dont get what all the bad press was about  :  ) 
2	Finally got ios7 on my devices at half three in the morning after leaving them to it when I went to bed !  Im liking it tbh
2	Come on everyone be a pal ,  Im off to bed in an hour and could do with it sorting ! 
2	Struggling to download iOS 7 for three hours now .  Getting very angry at apple and everyone else jamming their servers !  !  I WANT IT NOW
2	Amazon needs to hurry up with my DVD before I go fangirl crazy over it !  !  !  Please come tomorrow PLEASE !  Been looking forward to it a week now
2	Playing CoD with my brother  # cod  # gettingkilledalot
2	Marzia is fast asleep !  
2	Lazy Sunday !   # lovingit
2	Just had to tackle a giant spider in my clients house !  Terrified doesnt even cover it now my skin feels all itchy  :  ( 
2	Via  @ ruthmiles61 Treated terribly ,  if you are a pensioner avoid  # petcetera in  # Northallerton at all costs  # fuming
2	Oh my giddygods jimjams Im exhausted !  Would I get away with an afternoon nap ?  Doubt it but I will try .  .  .  . 
2	 @ ITVtynetees I live in Northallerton and it is already difficult to find jobs in town .  I have no doubt that this loss will be devastating . 
2	Jackawawa !  Soooo tiny I love her ! 
2	TIL i have Trypophobia !  Thanks  @ imgur
2	Birthday meal tonight with my friends ,  got to visit a client then Im free to prepare for it all day  :  ) 
2	Tis my birthday today  :  )  I shall celebrate this by going to work for an hour haha getting older sucks .  Have to wait to open my prezzies  :  ( 
2	Arrived too early at client this morning !  Eager beaver  :  )  ten mins in the car it is then
2	Talk about a nasty reaction ,  I look like a yoga ball with legs  :  (   " may cause bloating "  no poop Sherlock
2	Day 4 in the  " Ive had no bloody sleep "  diaries and Im actually thinking about throttling whoever created Naproxen . 
2	Got to admit I play it too but Im not addicted just yet  :  ) 
2	Candy crush should have its own rehab so I can send my ENTIRE FAMILY ! 
2	Best spot of parking Ive ever done in my entire life !  Reverse park up a hill !  !  ! 
2	Lovely painkillers from the doctor though !  Should get some decent sleep tonight  :  )  means I did wear shorts today for nothing though  : s
2	Turns out the dye they put In my hip last week aggravated my hip joints so no physio for two weeks until they settle down !  Stupid unicorn . 
2	Really wish I could ride away somewhere warm on a unicorn who says I dont have to go to physio  :  ) 
2	So its official ,  he is even crazier than me !  I knew this day would come .  .  .  .  . 
2	Brother is crying in the kitchen .  Me :  whats up ?  Brother :   * looks at packaging in his hands *  I cant believe its not butter ! 
2	Lush new memory foam pillow !  I can see the dog eyeing it up .  Not this time ginger ninja ,  Im ready for you ! 
2	Vowing to myself I will go to the fringe next year ! 
2	First day at work today ,  really enjoyed myself  :  ) 
2	Makes me feel big and clever screwing them over like that  ;  ) 
2	Do companies realise we never actually watch their adverts on games for credits ?  I put it on and play with the dog for thirty seconds ! 
2	Frightened about a huge needle going into my hip today  :  ( 
2	 @ BBCOne This show is actually rubbish .  So disappointed I had really high hopes for it
2	Oh dear  # thatpuppetgameshow on BBC one is actually terrible .  And I had such high hopes for it .   # cancelthisshow
2	Budgie smugglers  # goodcall  # 8outoftencats
2	Budgie smugglers  # goodcall
2	Just been to see Grownups 2 at the cinema .  Very very funny and lighthearted would definitely recommend  :  ) 
2	Ashamed of what Im reading this week as its a bit of a girly indulgence !   " Passion for the game "  by Sylvia Day  # fridayreads  @ WStonesNorthal
2	Had to have Loki put to sleep this evening ,  very sad he was a lovely little hamster
2	The coolest tablet app Ive ever seen :   # SoundBrush 
2	Congratulations on the birth of the future king !  Bet they call him Edward  :  )   # RoyalBaby
2	 @ WStonesNorthal Ive literally just started reading it today but so far it seems like its going to be an epic !   :  ) 
2	Ah  @ rickygervais is outing morons again !  Such fun  :  ) 
2	 @ WStonesNorthal Robert Jordan  " The eye of the world "   # FridayReads  :  ) 
2	 " Feeling over it ,  and living life like this ,  Im never coming back to this "  couldnt be truer right now  @ elliotminor  # reformoriwillcry
2	The hell  @ SyfyUK  ?  ?  ?  Five mins of  # Defiance then TEN MINS of adverts !  You are making this hard to enjoy !  No wonder people rather pirate it ! 
2	I have completely lost my voice !  Connor keeps bringing bugs home from school and Ive caught one this time  :  ( 
2	Really sad news about Bernie Nolan ,  life can be very cruel sometimes x
2	 # Defiance Someone needs to knock Datak down a few pegs !   # syfy
2	 @ BetterThanMe Well at least we got to spend the morning as stocktake bitches together lol Ive still got my hotdog coffin ! 
2	Exhausted !  Who in their right mind gets up this early ?  ?  Stocktake day sucks
2	Brainy Smurf :  Hes good to go to for advice ,  while the other Smurfs are too busy working 
2	I can safely say I am shattered !  Not how I planned on spending my Sunday at all but it was fun
2	Well after cleaning up vomit from my bedroom floor  ( turns out the dog cant digest bones )  cleaning my room ,  baking brownies with my bro .  .  . 
2	My feet are literally on fire !  Such a hard day  :  )  shame Im missing the opening of the new park but a girls got to get her holiday on ! 
2	Such an exhausting day !  Its going to be worth it though  :  ) 
2	I got an ent drunk ,  alcoholic tree !   # Eurovision  # alternativelyrics
2	Dr who .  SO ANNOYED RIGHT NOW a dragon cant be the doctor !  Dont do this to me  :  ( 
2	Such a busy day !  Excited for the opening of angry birds  :  ) 
2	Connor giving  @ macklemore a run for his money !  
2	My brother wants to be macklemore 
2	Feel shocking worked all day didnt get home till eleven now to set off to work again !  Im exhausted  :  ( 
2	 @ hollywills thats how I passed my driving test !  I still dont know my left from right instinctively ! 
2	Nasty nasty virus !  Slept for four hours in the middle of the day unexpectedly but on the plus side Tom Cruise looks even better in my dreams
2	 @ DavidSpade Just call it artistic licence ! 
2	 @ AuntiePnut its like the BNP all over again !  Xx
2	Because winter is always bloody coming . 
2	 " The sun aint gonna shine anymore .  .  .  .  "  Why ?  Because I live in the bloody north thats why .  If I was in westeros Id be a stark . 
2	Stomach is arguing with me after my two in the morning sandwich eating antics ! 
2	After those nightmares I will be checking my car for killers before I get in it this morning !  !  ! 
2	And the way these complications affected the monarchy and gave us the royal family we have today
2	Really enjoyed the series  " fit to rule "  on bbc iplayer !  Interesting to learn what medical complications the monarchy suffered from years ago
2	I resolved to protect myself with the shower head ,  three razors and a large bottle of VO5 conditioner !  BURGLARS BEWARE ! 
2	Had the most Unrelaxing bath ever .  Convinced myself there was a burglar / murderer downstairs because I heard the door bang !  Stupid girl
2	Well I called  # broadchurch wrong !  I had money on the vicar
2	 @ hollywills northern -  pile on !  ! 
2	So I have an abnormal femur  ( birth defect )  .  Well its official there is now no single part of me that is normal .  SCORE !  !  ! 
2	There are some evil people in the world .  I am thankful for my life and those of my family .  Now my thoughts go to those who have lost theirs . 
2	Wine wine wine Delilah !  Its been a very long day .  Dont get me wrong I love my job but Im blooming nackered ! 
2	Cant leave bed .  .  .  .  Soooo comfy !  Ah well day off tomorrow to revel in comfiness . 
2	Whatever people think ,  can we stop thatcher bashing ?  She has a family who dont deserve all this hate . 
2	 @ rickygervais  " oh dear LOVE the dog is eating a cactus !  !  "  Doesnt work as well ! 
2	 @ The _ Grim _ Weeder OH DEAR GOD YES .  Two words Robert Carlisle . 
2	Bed is sooo comfy but Im wasting my Sunday haha
2	Well I think its safe to say no vampires will be bothering me tonight  ( or ever )  garlic is literally coming out my pores !  Im lethal ! 
2	Luckiest and happiest girl in the world with the best parents EVER ! 
2	I have made the most decadent chocolate brownies !  So gooey and sticky mmmmm
2	Dont like this teenage version of my brother .  At all .  Bring back the podgey little baby or the very huggy and loving one  :  ( 
2	Had a cheeky wine before tonight !  Sean might be right after all lol
2	 @ BetterThanMe yeah it was a ball ache and a half !  I put the tv back on the wall in the pub with Dicko then came home xx
2	OMG a character named Siobhan in this weeks castle !  !  !  All the siobhans in the world join me in a collective  " squee !  "   @ NathanFillion  # castle
2	Day off that I wasnt expecting ?  Spent the day watching arrow and sleeping lol couldnt be lazier If I tried
2	Today I adopted a Russian Dwarf hamster and named her Daenerys !   @ NathanFillion would be proud !  
2	There was a lot of schadenfreude going on last night ! 
2	I was so well behaved last night I am proud of myself .  Wasnt the greatest wingman for Nikki though .  Im not a take one for the team person
2	I have never felt more epic
2	Mate :  dont understand naming your boobs .  Me :  I call mine  " my milkshakes "  Mate :  eh why ? Me :  because they bring all the boys to the yard ! 
2	Woke up singing South Pacific tunes !  Its going to be one of them days ! 
2	I love that song !   " Wonder "  by Christopher Nightingale ,  well worth a listen  :  ) 
2	 " Shine forever ,  beacon of light .  Blaze in the air ,  vanquishing night .  Sing forever ,  proud and strong ,  anthem of life ,  conquering song "   # lotr
2	Feel like I could projectile vomit this cup of tea !  Shouldnt have drank it so fast lol
2	Dancing on ice is amazing .  I hate that clown song but goddamn it that was truly beautiful  :  ) 
2	 @ AlanCarr hashtags dont work if you put punctuation in them  :  ) 
2	 @ rickygervais COLDPLAY ?  ?  ?  I never stood a chance did I ?  Wont be buying the DVD it will cost me too much in Kleenex ! 
2	I dont want to get up !  Stupid nightmares are exhausting  :  ( 
2	Would love to have the same dream I had last night again !  I would fix the loudspeaker on the bus ,  be the hero and find love over a broken TV
2	Such a realistic dream I felt everything and didnt know I was dreaming !  Now Im disappointed that it didnt actually happen  :  ( 
2	
2	 @ BetterThanMe IM ILL AGAIN HOLTY !  Its just not fair  :  (  xx
2	Those days where you hate everyone and everything and you just want the world to fuck off and leave me alone ! 
2	Its so cold even my vitamins have frozen !  Grrrr  # thenorth
2	I will give one of you twenty quid to go to work for me today !  Involves being cold who is up for it ? 
2	Who is awake at this hour ?  SERIOUSLY ?  ?  ?  I hate getting up when its dark outside .  Stupid England .  Stupid dark . 
2	Family fun week at Lightwater Valley is a whole lotta fun for very little money this half term !  !  Please RT  :  ) 
2	Eaten breakfast for the first time in months and I feel so sick !  Stupid idea breakfast just causes stomach pain ! 
2	Cannot wait until family fun week  @ LightwaterV Ive missed that place far more than what is considered normal !  Lol
2	It will arrive in a couple of days and will be a belated valentine gift for her  :  ) 
2	Me and my good friend wine are chilling on the sofa with mum !  Mum did not recieve flowers either .  Stupid dad .  So Ive bought her a gift ! 
2	 @ iansomerhalder I havent received any love today so Im going to try and get to the local shelter to pet the animals this weekend ! 
2	 @ Epithemiou Angelos will you be my valentine seeing as Im alone and you are awesome ?  Xx
2	 @ StephenMerchant aww well thats just depressing !  !  The ladies are missing out on an old romantic ! 
2	I love watching the baftas it truly is a celebration of talent with no showboatery whatsoever ! 
2	With a boot made of razor blades . 
2	The illness fairy is getting a kick to the crotch when I find him !  !  !  ! 
2	 @ rickygervais LOVED Derek its so heartwarming and lovely !  Something tells me Kev is actually like that .  .  .  .  . 
2	Ive lost my voice again !  Throats so swollen and Ive got an interview tomorrow Ive only just bloody found out about ! 
2	 @ AuntiePnut Ive just got your card !  Thank you its beautiful !  Xxx
2	Also height on a horizontal plane is a bitch when youre me ! 
2	Championing people who dont know their left from their right ! 
2	Champagne and pizza and Im very very happy right now .  I feel like Ive achieved the impossible for a woman with no depth perception
2	Couldnt be more chuffed with myself !  !  !  !  !  
2	 @ BetterThanMe thanks babes x
2	 @ AuntiePnut thank you it was terrifying xxx
2	Whats that twitter ?  Who passed their driving test today ?  ME THATS WHO ! 
2	 @ AuntiePnut I PASSED MY DRIVING TEST ! 
