3	I liked a  @ YouTube video 
3	I sent an old  backpack with torn fabric back to  @ Jansport and it returned with the fabric ,  zippers and straps replaced .  Good Job ! 
3	 @ mmakowski I stole it from Martin Fowler 
3	When you solve a problem with versioning ,  you end up with 2 . 1 . 0 problems
3	 @ sandromancuso what does the company do ? 
3	A Tale of Two Chippies  ( Comic )  
3	qAa # c @ 
3	 @   #  #  #  @ 
3	QQ # ll
3	 #  # l  @  @ zh  #  #  ,  . 
3	Qq # qq
3	I love Dropbox because It lets me share files with my wife easily .  
3	Jestesmy w The Breakfast Club
3	Scientifically accurate Spider - Man 
3	 @ sandromancuso Theres ScalaCheck .  Just use the other person to analyze your code .   :  ) 
3	“The best writing of the year ,  2012” 
3	RT  @ ComicBookGrrl :  What the epic web browser war looks like !   ( my money is on Chrome )  
3	Trying to cheat the system so I can check out my geek cred 
3	RT  @ jasongorman :  The Mortgage - driven Development Manifesto 
3	RT  @ wired :  What happens when you throw a ball into a swimming pool and your dog jumps in after it ?  This :  
3	What triggers a full garbage collection in Java ?  
3	I added a video to a  @ YouTube playlist 
3	Hello 12 - coach trains at Thameslink
3	 @ sandromancuso doesnt that clash with XTC ? 
3	 @ lili _ z True ,  but do you want great developers or great teams . 
3	RT  @ MrsSelfDestrukt :  Give a man a gun and he can rob a bank .  Give a man a bank and he can rob the world . 
3	Im loving the new IntelliJ interface  ( available in beta so far ) 
3	Awesome doodle today 
3	Hey guys . I thought we could try videoconferencing through Google Hangouts on Goole Plus instead of conference calls . 
3	 # igniteldn5 Just start already
3	 @ bartaz Squash all resistance
3	Couple of thoughts on Scala by the Creator of Lift Web Framework  ( in Scala )  David Pollak 
3	Anyone up for Science Museum Lates tomorrow ? 
3	Decades - Old ‘Calvin and Hobbes’ Strip Succinctly Explains Occupy Wall Street Movement 
3	Learning about parser combinators .  Weird ,  cool ,  mathematical geeky  @  Scala Lift Off  # scalalol
3	Has anyone tried to use the new Macbook Air  ( 2011 )  for Java development ?  What are your thoughts ? 
3	 @ lili _ z How are you finding Scala anyway ? 
3	 @ lili _ z It seems like IntelliJ is still the better option for Scala development . 
3	Tweetmyplus . com 
3	The magic button — Make Everything OK 
3	Answer on how best to crosspost Google +  posts to Twittter .  Extended Share .  Working pretty well for m 
3	Hilarious 
3	The entrancing beginnings of an acclaimed designer 
3	Apple closes at or near Max Pain 8 weeks out of 10 
3	Im going to a Meetup with London Software Craftsmanship Community 
3	Another refreshing 10 %  day . 
3	 @ lili _ z so you have your code in prod already ?   ;  ) 
3	Go After The Green Pigs And Their Pot Of Gold In Angry Birds Seasons :  The St .  Patrick’s Day Edition  ( via my6sense )  
3	New trojan MusMinim - A written for Mac OS X  ( via my6sense )  
3	Im going to a Meetup with London Scala Users Group 
3	Funny commercial
3	Lift going  ( also )  Ruby  -  Its a polyglot world after all 
3	The Corporate Axis of Evil 
3	2011 / 01 / 5213510 :  Kartonki zastępcze  ( via my6sense )  
3	Im going to a Meetup with London Scala Users Group !  
3	Jestem wujkiem ! 
3	 @ lili _ z Wskoczylas na tory ?   :  ) 
3	Theorists seek dark matter in hot neutron stars  ( via my6sense )  
3	Slides about some Open Platform and NoSQL at Guardian .  Cool stuff :  
3	Lol :  Developing Windows Error Messages :  Error Messages that Communicate 
3	JMock vs Mockito by JBRains 
3	Im going to a Meetup with DevTank !  
3	 @ bartaz I think they pimped the colours a little bit
3	My home citys promotional video 
3	Im going to a Meetup with London Scala Users Group !  
3	 @ lili _ z  @  You should try leeches .  I actually managed to get antibiotics twice this year .  Sadly they didnt help .  Hope you get well soon . 
3	 @ lili _ z Antibiotics are bad for you .  Paracetamol brings true relief . 
3	24 godziny postu zaliczone .  Jedzenie smakuje teraz o wiele lepiej .  Polecam książkę Eat Stop Eat . 
3	Im attending OpenSpaceBeers  # 2  -  -  
3	Mistaeks I Hav Made :  Using Metaphor to Express Architectural Constraints 
3	Im going to a Meetup with London Software Craftsmanship Community !  
3	 @ sumek what are those
3	Spotify closing in on label deals  ( Greg Sandoval / Media Maverick )   ( via my6sense )  
3	Comparing the state of Java and JCP to Babylon 5 
3	At Hyde Park watching the RC boats .   
3	Im going to a Meetup with Agile Evangelists !  
3	I am reading Programming in Scala :  A Comprehensive Step - by - step Guide  # ProgrammingInScala 
3	Jailbroken again . 
3	Yesterday I asked for two copies of a book to be ordered and theyre here already .  Really appreciating it ,  youDevise . 
3	Trying out IntelliJ Idea 10 EAP
3	Thanks everyone for the great experience of Scala Lift Off  # scalalol
3	Source code for my Scala Test Narrative for The Game Of Life :  
3	David Pollak writes / presents a Lift demo app .  Writing along . 
3	Douglas Rushkoff :  Why Johnny Cant Program :  A New Medium Requires A New Literacy  -  
3	 @ hoppke Phew ,  at least I didnt know this one you freak
3	Is it weird that I know the word filibuster ? 
3	 @ nfma Bleh ,  slacktivism
3	At Krykielłód
3	Back in The Temple of Inefficiency .  Making a sacrifice to The Layor Liam . 
3	 " Kick in the teeth is good for some , Kiss with a fist is better than none .  " 
3	Almost scammed on Gumtree .  Remember kids to not send the items to Nigeria after receiving fake Paypal payment emails
3	Pls buy my Nokia :  
3	 @ sumek Is there a dead Zuckerberg  ( aka the eternal teenager )  picture on the website when it does that ? 
3	Im going to a Meetup with London Software Craftsmanship Community !  
3	Trying out Seesmic Desktop  ( Silverlight )  and Tweetdeck  ( Adobe Air )  .  Which ones better ? 
3	Seeing St .  Pauls always makes me pause . 
3	 @ lili _ z But why would you need admin rights ?  Normal rights ought to be enough for everyone .  Developers cant be trusted . 
3	Back from  # coderetreat .  Lots of fun and learning . 
3	Already used Java ,  Ruby and PHP  @ coderetreat .  Fun . 
3	Someone showed me dingus . 
3	On my way to Winchester for Code Retreat . 
3	Another 10 %  day started . 
3	Found Footage :  Windows 95 ,  3 . 1 running on jailbroken iPad  ( via my6sense )  
3	At the Scala dojo . 
3	Im attending JAX London  -  Community Night  ( Sept .  28 ,  2010 )    -  -  
3	I am reading The Firm  # TheFirm 
3	No closures in Java until late 2012 ,  Mark reinhold says .   
3	Im going to a Meetup with London Scala Users Group 
3	Coming home after an hour of football with my colleagues .  Tired as hell . 
3	Eating bigos at Finsbury Circus . 
3	 " Adding social networking interface ,  on top of all of iTunes other functions ,  is like grafting another limb to the forehead of an octopus .  " 
3	Gotta love those 10 %  days . 
3	This is the most fun day of work Ive ever had
3	Good query .  Have a tuple ! 
3	Przestępca  -  alkoholik ,  Polak  -  katolik
3	 @ hoppke It does when everything else is fuzzy .   :  ) 
3	My Iphone 4s screen stays perfectly crisp even when Im drunk .   ;  ) 
3	 @ intellijidea I would really like to be able to run all tests in a selected source folder by right clicking on it in Intellij . 
3	IPhone 4 has arrived .  The screen is simply stunning .  Its gonna be a long night .   :  ) 
3	Remember kids  -  when you snap the screen off your IPhone when opening it with a sticky tape ,  dont forget to reconnect that speaker cable . 
3	I joined London Software Craftsmanship Community on Meetup .  
3	I am using FreshStart  -  A Chrome Cross - Browser Session manager .  Check it out !  
3	 @ sumek just shipped .  Arriving on Tuesday .  Bastards at Apple made me wait 3 weeks for it . 
3	Managed to open the IPhone and get the micro sim and the micro sim adapter unstuck .  Yay ! 
3	 @ sumek Now forget what the word IPhone means .  It will discharge soon anyway . 
3	I just RSVPed for a Meetup with London Extreme Programmers 
3	Lego CubeDudes By PIXAR Animator  ( via my6sense )  
3	CulturePop comic episode with Douglas Rushkoff 
3	Leaving for Skiathos . 
3	Gizmodo :  True Love Means Turning Off Your Cellphone  [ Love ]  
3	Actually C +  +  had them even earlier .   :  )  re :  
3	I really like implicit conversions in Scala 
3	 @ sumek O2 recycles old IPhones ,  you can get money for yours . 
3	Im loving my new Ubuntu installation at work .  Git and IntelliJ are so much faster on Linux . 
3	Why Git is Better than X 
3	Git vs .  Mercurial :  Please Relax 
3	Inspired by Iceland 
3	I want my Barclaycard OnePulse .  Maybe this time .  .  . 
3	 @ lili _ z People in banks are usually more than open for meetings ,  discussions and conference calls ,  not improvements .   :  ) 
3	Revenge of The Nerds 
3	Had a perfect day .  And its not over yet . 
3	The Tell - Tale Beat 
3	 @ jankuzniak I think this phrase  ( also known as The Boy Scout Rule )  originated with Uncle Bob . 
3	Incision 
3	Stuck in the temple of inefficiency  (  Post Office TM ) 
3	 @ lili _ z szkoda ze na Twitterze mozna komunikowac sie tylko sloganami
3	Hackers release new jailbreak for Apples iPhone 3GS ,  iPad  ( via my6sense )  
3	Szachinszach  ( via my6sense )  
3	Comic for April 11 ,  2010 
3	Im ashamed to say it ,  but I found a decent Celine Dion album 
3	 @ lili _ z Głosuję za tym ,  żeyb pochować go zaraz obok smoka
3	Finished watching Whatever Works ,  great movie 
3	Sitting at home ,  trying Scala 
3	DVCS and DAGs
3	Polityka strachu 
3	 # qcon  # qcon The room is crammed with people waiting for Martin Fowlers presentation . 
3	 # qcon Uncle Bob is wacky .   :  ) 
3	The Single Sign On 
3	Million dollar baby 
3	 # nowplaying Składanka  -  Budka Suflera  -  Sen O Dolinie 
3	IPAD 
3	Interior Design 
3	Honor Societies 
3	Great movie :  
3	Heine :  More Möbius than Möbel 
3	I used  # Shazam to discover Teardrop by Massive Attack 
3	Google launching 1Gbps ISP service to select markets at competitive prices  ( via my6sense )  
3	Trimester 
3	Theres nothing like refactoring on Monday morning .  Makes you feel happy and accomplished .   :  ) 
3	My project manager is counting down days to the weekend .  Its kinda cool and slightly unsettling .  
