1	Free Sat Nav unit with our Diamond package reservations from Alamo ,  on reservations made before 30 November 2013 ,  .  .  .  
1	 @ Rodders13106 Excellent news  -  hope you dont drain the bottom of the fund tomorrow night !   Happy New Year to you too  :  ) 
1	 @ Rodders13106  I was nearly in my car then  -  till I checked the clock  -  cheeky !  ! 
1	Tripwheels joins the U . S .  Travel Association in Applauding National Strategy to Boost Travel and Tourism .  .  .  
1	 @ AAPresident Can you please help the 1 . 3m  Brits ,  Florida bound ,  in the same way that the Canadian AA president has ?   
1	Budget has lifted restrictions on additional drivers !  
1	Alamo will be adding a Christmas surcharge to collections from December 15th very soon  -  if you have a Christmas .  .  .  
1	Here he is ,  Phineas himself !   Have a great weekend everybody .  .  .  
1	As we are apparently promised another deluge in the coming hours I thought I had better seek out a suitable .  .  .  
1	This looks pretty fun ,  although I am not sure what the dog thought of it .  .  .   Not something I would care to try myself 
1	So excited ,  
1	Elle raised £0 . 83 for Midhurst Rother College Association simply by using 
1	Horse Meat Scandal and Car Hire 
1	 @ SocialSafe ;   @ pascalw ,  thank you for the upgrade ,  really happy with Social Safe ! 
1	Snow Chains and Rental Cars in Yosemite Park 
1	I love the SunPass Portable ,  we keep it with us and just pop it into any car we hire .  We are then in complete .  .  .  
1	
1	Tripwheels Reviews 
1	The summer surcharge on Advantage cars in Florida has been removed with immediate effect !   Great news for last .  .  .  
1	November Newsletter from Trip Wheels just published .  
1	Launch due for next week  -  please watch this space !  !  ! 
1	Latest News  -  
1	Happy New Year Facebookers !  Really looking forward to 2012 ! 
1	Is a Compact hire car right for my trip ?  
1	Good morning all ,  nose straight to the grindstone today .  .  . 
1	Hi all ,  I just used SocialSafe to backup my Facebook Timeline .  You can download a Free version at 
1	Who is this furry friend ?  
1	Martin Lewis  ( moneysavingexpert )  is cautioning travellers not to sign up for unnecessary excess waivers on their .  .  .  
1	We have just been advised that 8 Seat Toyota Siennas will be on stop sale very shortly ,  at Orlando and Sanford ,  .  .  .  
1	Well done Jo ,  it is Pluto !  
1	Snap up this free - upgrade in Florida for collections before 14 th December 2013 .   A 4 - door Intermediate car from .  .  .  
1	Time for some Friday fun ,  any idea who this is ?  
1	British Journalist ?   That would be me .  .  .  
1	Guess where in Florida this is ?   Wishing we were there in the sun right now !  Maybe a broomstick could take me .  .  .  
1	Trip Wheels has just published and emailed the October Newsletter ,  if you would like to sign up to receive our .  .  .  
1	The International Driving permit repeal is still crawling through the Florida Senate having completed its journey .  .  .  
1	In case you are wondering ,  this Pontiac G6 is just one of the intermediate cars we offer .  .  .  
1	February 29th is the day that ladies can propose .  .  .   It is also the last day to book our Advantage cars for this .  .  .  
1	Do I need a Full Size hire car in the USA ?  
1	Sixt Car Hire Florida 
1	Hertz and Dollar Thrifty to Merge 
1	 @ sixt Hi ,  can you DM me please so I can have a private conversation with you ?  Thanks ,  Elle ,  TripWheels
1	International Driving Permit Required For Florida 
1	US Car Hire With No Deposit 
1	 @ pedropheasent we aim to please !  Getting you ready for spring is at the heart of what we do  :  ) 
1	December Newsletter from Trip Wheels  -  
1	The Red Arrows have just flown over Trip Wheels HQ !  !  Wow !  ! 
1	How about these convertibles ? Mercedes E Class ,  BMW 3 Series ,  Mercedes SLK ,  VW Eos or a BMW Mini ?   All now .  .  .  
1	Trip Wheels has been informed that by this time next week ,  we may have up to six different categories of .  .  .  
1	The Free Sat Nav unit with Diamond reservations  ( for Dollar and Alamo )  offer ends today  -  but free upgrades are .  .  .  
1	Just distributed the January Newsletter 
1	Thinking of a 7 Seat People Carrier as your US Car Hire ?  This article may help you decide if it is right for you ?  
1	Elle , Now returned from our trip to Australia .  Just wanted to say thank you . Everything went very well indeed .  .  .  .  
1	California Academy of Sciences 
1	This sounds like an excellent way to spend part of the day .  .  .  
1	On a beautiful ,  clear blue Florida morning ,  we headed up US 417 ,  right on past the exit for Sanford International .  .  .  
1	This huge alligator is at Blue Springs State Park ,  FL ,  what do you think happens next ?  ?  
1	Car Rental Shuttle to Cruise Ports  -  part 2  -  Port Everglades 
1	The international driving permit requirement for Florida was fully repealed today ,  when Governor Scott signed the repeal law . 
1	In the Olympic stadium waiting for the action to start ! 
1	Whale Watching 
1	Happy Valentines Day ,  where is the most romantic city or place in America ? 
1	Christmas Car Hire 
1	Interesting to see the impact of tourism on wild creatures ,  in such an observable way .  
1	Januray Newsletter from Trip Wheels  -  
1	Horse Meat Scandal and Car Hire 
1	November Newsletter from Trip Wheels ,  now published  -  
1	Thanks to a bit of the white stuff ,  a busy day has been had at Trip Wheels HQ !  
1	Deciding whether to take your own childs car seat or hire one with your rental car can be big decision .   Some of .  .  .  
1	Isnt it ironic ,  we publish an article about using smart phone Sat Nav Apps instead of hiring a Sat Nav unit with .  .  .  
1	If you are in the Kissimmee area at the beginning of November ,  you might want to visit the Guy Fawkes Kissimmee .  .  .  
1	Christmas Car Hire 
1	Dont try this at home !  
1	Now we are thinking about New York !  !   What to do ?   Where to shop ?   What is your favourite place ? 
1	December Newsletter from Trip Wheels just published 
1	Its been a really busy week ,  but the news blog production is finally finished and in the process of being added .  .  .  
1	After lots of hard work ,  our make - over is complete !   Come over and have a look .  .  .  
1	Take a moment to enjoy this fantastic picture ,  if only we could roll out our own roads wherever we need to go  .   .   .   .  
1	 # Children in Need ,  just for you Terry Wogan
1	Happy Halloween 
1	 @ Berkybear Could be the busiest ,  would have to get back to you about it being the most productive ! 
1	The give away this week .  .  .   a free upgrade from Economy to Compact or Compact to Intermediate size cars for the .  .  .  
1	Article published looking at Compact Car Hire in the USA 
1	Florida car hire chaos over new driving licence law for sunshine state drivers 
1	It is finally coming  -  Christmas surcharge for Alamo bookings in Florida collected between 15th and 31st December .  .  .  
1	I am happy to announce that Trip Wheels has teamed up with Feefo to provide customer feedback reviews of our .  .  .  
1	West Orange Bike Trail in Central Florida 
1	Amazing place ,  and photographic skills !  
1	Just received the heads up ,  Alamo is to further increase the Seasonal Surcharge applied to all bookings collected .  .  .  
1	There are many restrictions on driving a US hire car into Mexico ,  here is information on how you can .  
1	RT  @ BBCBreaking :  All flights into and out of London  # Gatwick Airport suspended after plane makes emergency landing .  
1	Alamo / National has issued a Stop - sale for Florida for all 7 and 8 Seater people carriers ,  20th  -  30th December .  .  .  
1	Trip Wheels is now live !  After a manic few days we finally went live about 4 pm today .  There is still a little .  .  .  
1	Canada Car Hire Promotion 
1	One full work week to go before the big day  -  who is driving home for Christmas this year ? 
1	Thinking of all my clients heading to ,  or already in ,  the West Coast of America  -  turn up that air - con .  .  .  
1	Pre - register or Fast Track your US Car Hire 
1	 @ smartwomentrav pack warm !  !  Then enjoy  -  would love to go ! 
1	Is this the fattest dolphin you have ever seen ?   I think he was a real veteran of feeding time at SeaWorld ,  can .  .  .  
1	Question :  Do one legged ducks swim in circles ?   Answer :  No ,  we discovered this at Animal Kingdom ,  Walt Disney .  .  .  
1	For car hire in the USA 
1	British Airways and Jet Blue have announced they are going to share networks . Quote :    " Meanwhile ,  British .  .  .  
1	The popular 7 and 8 seater people carriers are no longer available in the below locations for any collections .  .  .  
1	Can anyone recommend any really good SAT NAV apps for smart phones ,  android or iphone ,  that work without using .  .  .  
1	Hey ,  more snow !   Where are our snow shoes ?  
1	Discover Colorados Hidden Gems During National Preservation Month 
1	Our Alamo cars will be £7 per week off from May 9th ,  for collection before 27th June  -  all cars from Economy 2 .  .  .  
1	 @ rentethically Thanks for the retweet ! 
1	We made the article on International Driving Permits for Florida ,  in the Independent :  
1	Float Like a Butterfly ,  Sting Like a Manta 
1	Bixby Bridge – Matt Granz  -  Featured Photographer 
1	The October Newsletter from Trip Wheels has just been published  -  
1	Trip Wheels HQ is taking a morning trip to see the Olympic torch relay today !  ! 
1	Catch some great vintage cars along with planes and motorcycles at the Festival of Speed ,  St Petersburg ,  Fl ,  this .  .  .  
1	So I got you all with that one  -  here is Mr Bounce himself .  .  .   And of course he lives in One Hundred Acre Wood .  .  .  
1	So many great waterfalls ,  so little time .  .  .  
1	August edition of Latest News has now been published 
1	 @ AAPresident Thank you !  !  Any chance of seeing what was written ?  We are trying to make sure Brits not excluded from any agreements ? 
1	Mardi Gras in New Orleans 
1	Canada Car Hire Promotion 
1	Driving in the USA in a rental car for the first time ?  This article may help .  
1	Good morning Twitter ,  2nd cup of tea on the go  -  looking forward to helping with your holiday car hire !   # TTOT
1	This great shot was taken not far from Trip Wheels HQ in the big scheme of things !  
1	Snow Chains and Rental Cars in Yosemite Park 
1	We are pleased to advise that we have a fantastic offer for Alamo USA Car Rental for a limited time only ! £4 per .  .  .  
1	Just to be clear ,  the offer of a Free Sat Nav is with Dollar Diamond bookings made before October 31st ,  for .  .  .  
1	Tripwheels Reviews 
1	Tips for using  # SatNav apps on your smart phone when using a  # usacarhire 
1	The Wonderful Wekiwa Springs Florida  -  well worth a visit .  
1	I know that I have quite a few clients heading to Yosemite over the next few weeks as part of their road trips and .  .  .  
1	If you want to hire a car from Walt Disney World here are your options .  
1	Pre - register or Fast Track your US Car Hire 
1	California Academy of Sciences 
1	All sizes of Alamo cars in Florida now on stop sale for collections between 21 and 31st December inclusive . 
1	Still time to see Florida Manatees 
1	Trip Wheels Scoops the International Drivers Permit rules 
1	Mardi Gras in New Orleans 
1	What U . S .  State am I ? 1 .   My state flower is the Rose2 .   My state bird is the bluebird3 .   I have the Chrysler .  .  .  
1	August News Update  -  
1	International Driving Permit Law  -  Deferred Inforcement 
1	 @ achrisevans what else could little Noah need !  Brilliant ! 
1	 @ SanctuaryChat what if you have lots of images that are very similar ?  I . e lots of flags with few differences ?   # SanctuaryChat
1	New blog about driving from Miami to Orlando on the Florida Turnpike and how to make it more fun !  
1	Important information about new requirements for International Driving Permits and hiring cars in Florida .  
1	Just distributed the January Newsletter 
1	What an amazing looking bird to brighten up our weekend  -  but where is its beak ?  
1	Diamond Jubilee quiz :  How many times has Queen Elizabeth II visited the USA ,  and for a bonus ,  when was the last .  .  .  
1	February Newsletter from Trip Wheels just published .  
1	Drove down to Celebration ,   # Florida tonight ,  such a relaxing way to spend the evening ,  and you cant do that without a  # rentalcar ! 
1	Texting whilst driving just became illegal in  # Florida ,  as it joins 40 other states in banning the practice . 
1	The 7 seat people carriers from Alamo and National are back on sale at Orlando with no black - out dates .   The 8 .  .  .  
1	Free Sat Nav Unit With Dollar Diamond Bookings 
1	December Newsletter from Trip Wheels just published 
1	October Newsletter from Trip Wheels  -  
1	This mornings BA flight into Tampa has been cancelled with practically no notice .   If you need to make .  .  .  
1	International Drivers Permit Requirement Suspended 
1	To clarify our position on International Driving Permits ;  Enforcement has been deferred ,  currently the law has .  .  .  
1	No power this morning at Trip Wheels HQ ,  could be an interesting day !   One thing is definite though ,  it will be cold  :  ( 
1	The office is looking Christmassy ,  but I am sure that this is all getting in the way of getting the website .  .  .  
1	International Driving Permit Required For Florida 
1	Flash Sale   ( not flash floods we hope !  )  : An additional £5 off any car rental reservation made before 5pm on .  .  .  
1	US Car Hire Rental Agreements 
1	International Driving Permit Law  -  Update 
1	Our Young Driver Package is extremely popular and very useful as it allows up to 3 drivers aged 21  -  24 on the .  .  .  
1	Glad to see Santa limbering up with egg nog !  
1	Passport prices are coming down  -  about time ! 
1	Wet n Wild to add playground for younger set .   Good news for young families going to  # Florida 
1	 @ TravelBlggr  will take a look tonight  -  I am about 40 miles south of London so not holding out much hope .  .  . 
1	Queen Elizabeth II first visited the US as Queen of Canada in June 1959 .   The first official visit as our Queen .  .  .  
1	RT  @ thedisneyblog :  Brazil a replacement for Euro - Tourism ?  
1	Signing off for today ,  will start again in the morning .  .  . 
1	What a stunning place to have on your road trip  -  and the skills to capture such an image  -  wow !  
1	SUV Car Hire in the USA 
1	I posted a new photo to Facebook 
1	Sorry everyone ,  looks like I got the virus menwit . ru .  Please dont click ,  just delete . 
1	Planning on driving through Vegas ?   You had better know your code and sign the oath .  .  .  
1	Lawmaker apologizes over international driver permit requirements in Florida 
1	What have we learnt this week ?   Convertible cars in popular US destinations can sell out in the blink of an eye !  .  .  .  
1	Landed at  # Tampa at 16 . 26 yesterday ,  driving out in a great Ford Escape  # rentalcar by 16 . 53 ,  not bad I thought !  ! 
1	Driving Licences for Car Hire in the USA 
1	Seasonal Surcharges for US Car Hire 
