3	Yesterday was bearable ,  but who ever invented Tuesdays can be considered the devil . 
3	Odd morning of not working as I get Root Canal treatment and visit the GP doctor as well . 
3	Currently 
3	RT  @ Energydeskworld Map Where the govt .  wants new fracking rights  & amp ;  how the maps were drawn up 
3	Yes RT  @ emmarenowden :  Love a good  @ BuzzFeed list ,  but this  @ cracked article makes a good fucking point .  
3	Now they walk because of polluter influence RT  @ Agent350 :  HUGE numbers of civil society walking out on  # COP19 .  Pic :  
3	The best gingerbread house story ever 
3	Mixing up my words when ordering a pint ,  is the best way of being IDed .  Its also the best way of seeing embarrassment when they note Im 27
3	 @ NMMGreenwich 
3	Just beat dad in an immigration ,  housing and jobs debate .  Screw Daily Mail . 
3	Just an idea for all those working in Marketing .  Its Christmas in a few weeks ,  why dont you make sure everything you do has an xmas theme
3	 @ minibeastgirl  @ NHM _ London Whoop ! 
3	 @ NMMGreenwich 
3	 @ AboutTheBBC Yes ,  Im an old man in a 27 year old body . 
3	Its kind of like the opening scene of Back to the Future ,  with less dog food . 
3	Follow my anecdotes RT  @ NMMGreenwich :  Tonight is the Lost at Sea Late .  Fully booked but we will be tweeting !  
3	 @ alexjamesfarrow Dont know ,  thats when I started my 24 hour be an actual tourist holiday .  Should I clap for  @ UNMGCY ? 
3	Teenagers in the corner talking about old episodes at females in the barman universe .  Standard . 
3	Carol singing in  @ TQHGreenwich .  Fa la la la la la la la la !  
3	RT  @ c _ addison :  John Lewis and Waitrose to source 100 %  renewable energy from independent sources to power their shops .  
3	Us four people have found a rare space on this train .  We are the chosen ones .  
3	Do you know what grinds my gears  -  Londoners writing their telephone number as 020 8 .  .  .   .  .  .  .  When we all know 0208 would make more sense
3	 @ jessiewoolf I remember you sleeping forever and ever and ever .  Seems like its a Woolf thing . 
3	Just found out Lowestoft has a Doctor Who themed cafe !  
3	Im alone in the office  -  anything could happen 
3	Teeth are overrated .  Just give me a mouth of metal like Jaws and then all I would need to worry about is rust . 
3	 @ AboutTheBBC Just like wine ,  cheese and socks .  .  .  . 
3	RT  @ sharonodea :  Is this the worst infographic ever ,  asks  @ guardian ?  
3	Im going on an adventure 
3	5 Jim Bowen  ( with wig )  .  8 That one guy from Game of Thrones .  13  & amp ;  14 potatoes .  17 David Seaman .  19 Loyd Grossman .  
3	Last year ,  civil society walked out of  # RioPlus20 because the text did not speak for us and the outcomes were weak .  
3	Now that my train is delayed ,  I can join the rest of you in complaining about the weather . 
3	A BBC radio programme you can pass onto your grand - kids .  
3	Its not right 
3	The best thing that has come out of the  @ UN _ ClimateTalks  A catchy climate action song from the  @ ukyccdelegation 
3	First mulled wine of the season .  It goes down hill from here .  By Christmas Eve it will be 10 shots of sambuca and an alcopop . 
3	I thought about it for 3 minutes ,  and I dont actually need a new airport runway  @ Number10gov  @ ukairportscomm Thanks . 
3	Im at the office Christmas party enjoying the free drinks .  Oh shit .  Some German terrorists with guns have just turned up . 
3	Hans just shot Harry Ellis point blank in the face .  This Christmas office party is off the chain ! 
3	 @ Kcrowland2  @ DumbLawz Thanks for telling me ,  Might be a question in a future quiz perhaps .  .  . 
3	want RT  @ FitzBoA  " solar panel hats "  to promote the solar schools project at our Switch Off Day assembly  # solarschools 
3	Fleeing from my parents back to the city . 
3	Remember to also schedule a tweet for the 25th that states something like Merry Christmas or something . 
3	Wow RT  @ wonderfulpicso :  Frozen wave in Antarctica 
3	Reminds me that it is nearly Christmas family time RT  @ HistoryInPics Set of The Texas Chainsaw Massacre ,  1974 
3	Good public :  Public prefers green energy investments to fossil fuels 
3	At 4 Ronnie Barker RT  @ Visually :  An excellent interactive on the worlds richest people 
3	My parents see square plates as the height of sophistication . 
3	At a  @ scccoalition meeting and festive drinks fest .  Im the first one on the white wine . 
3	 @ Gruffexterior Have you seen the original film ?  I rate it as one of my favourites . 
3	NASA Releases Comet ISON Images from STEREO  
3	 @ cedawsonjr  @ marezipenn  @ pambesteder Yes you have insulted me  ;  ) 
3	Ive joined the pub footie team Xmas pub crawl .  I have no idea what they are talking about . 
3	 @ emmarenowden Its my culture 
3	 @ NMMGreenwich These incredibly vivid color photos of Antarctica were taken in 1915 
3	 # LoveBBC  ( apart from BBC Three )  RT  @ AboutTheBBC :  The BBC now vs .  20 years ago .  
3	A the top of  @ ROGAstronomers in the posh Endeavor room ,  surrounded by ticking clocks . 
3	Lowestoft now has a special FB page for weather warnings 
3	 @ ukycc  @ PrincesTrust The correct link 
3	Automatic replies are the most useless piece of business email etiquette ever .  Stop it .  Especially dont put it on during the weekend . 
3	Something something humorous  # fog
3	Yes my night has been mixture of Die Hard  ,  office party and makeshift glamour pirate masks . 
3	People on the bus are acting like they have never seen a man wearing a pirate mask ,  with attachments before .  .  
3	Having a home cooked Christmas dinner party .  Mulled cider  & amp ;  wine .   Roasted lamb ,  chicken  & amp ;  vegetables .  Cakes and Xmas tunes . 
3	Cripes RT  @ oliviarichwald :  Aberystwyth this morning .  Amazing to see the destruction the sea has caused 
3	 @ ROGAstronomers 
3	Im naming my food baby Captain Kirk .  Boldly going where no food baby has gone before . 
3	7 Stunning GIFs Show Mans Impact On Earth Over Time 
3	Flip ,  a dead guy wearing a Santa hat has just turned up in the lift !  Hans looks pissed . 
3	RT  @ ClimateDesk :  3 Countries That Are Bailing on Climate Action 
3	 .   @ HealthandEnv state that coal - burning kills 1 , 600 a year as MPs vote on tighter controls 
3	RT  @ wdmuk :  delivering 1 tonne of coal to  # hsbc on behalf of 7000 people .   # hsbc out of coal now !  
3	Best Tumblr from  # COP19 
3	Signing up for  @ campaigncamp would be a good idea 
3	Being back at my parents house ,  I end up reliving my teenage years .  In music ,  drinking and napping habits . 
3	Toothache is killing me at the moment .  Dentists at 5pm ,  so until then Im on all the drugs
3	Weird stuff on the tube this morning ,  queuing .  .  
3	Via work ,  I have seemed to have found a bad drawing of Cliff Richard .  .  .  
3	A letter dated Christmas Day 1806 ,  from a 12 y / o in the Navy ,  who seemed to have become very drunk rather quickly .  
3	Early morning marketing treat just for me .   (  & amp ;  some other folk )  
3	Helped me through my toothache  -  28 Unforgettable Things Local Newspapers Told Us In 2013 
3	By the end of the day Im going to throw my computer due to the amount of Out of Office auto - replies I get . 
3	Yep RT  @ laurenlaverne :  Brilliant article by  @ rhodri about dealing with anxiety 
3	My home town last night RT  @ M0nk33y :  This is monkey for Fury News reporting from a damp  # Lowestoft 
3	Operation Safeway 
3	That Fairy washing up liquid advert with Sean Bean is so unrealistic .  He doesnt even die at the end . 
3	Im now too old to enjoy staying out until 4am and getting the tube home .  .  .   # TFL 
3	We have a couple of climate sceptic trolls on the  @ ukycc blog  -  Any tips for engaging with them ?  or should we just leave them to it ?   # debate
3	Im in a Doctor Who themed cafe in my hometown Lowestoft .  My people .  
3	The good ol coalition is failing to insure Britain against the flood risks posed by climate change 
3	The story behind the Doctor Who Google doodle 
3	Pronouced hayz - bruh RT  @ KateProutITV Farewell to the last of the happisburgh clifftop houses  # coastalerosion 
3	Bus driver just charged me a young persons rate .  Best New Years Eve ever ! 
3	I keep on forgetting something ,  and I think the statue is moving .  .  .   # DoctorWho  cafe  @ Dawn _ of _ Time _  
3	Lunacy ?  MT  @ TreeHugger Lunar solar plan 
3	I think the rain and wind went to my head ,  by the time I neared home .  Singing xmas carols in a baritone voice whilst cycling down the street
3	The  @ EnvAgency flood map reminds me of when I was sick over a UK map due to eaten too many fruity sweets 
3	Another geek game  RT  @ chilledwil :  “ @ TIME :  Nerds ,  rejoice .  You can now view Middle Earth on Google Maps 
3	Now we are being ferried onto the roof .  Hang on .  Now a dirty tramp in a vest with a machine gun is making us go downstairs . 
3	What the police on street corners at rush hour could be doing instead 
3	We have found a new way of making business agreements .  Cake .  We will be your A - team marketing team ,  if you pay us in cake . 
3	Technically the TARDIS cant go into other dimensions  # oneshow .  even though yes ,  it has in some episodes .  .  . 
3	The Amazing Trailer For The Amazing Spider - Man 2 
