30	 .  @ CFKArgentina please listen to the people of Malvinas and stop Monsantos giant frankenseed factory 
30	The people of Malvinas want Monsanto out !   @ gerpratto help them speak out to stop the giant frankenseed factory 
30	thesimplewaytohealthyahoocouk  |  U - do :  
30	 " Every day that dawns red in your eastern sky is the birth of a new and holy day .  And just as the rising sun drives out the darkness ,  so .  .  . 
30	I just got the most amazing feedback from one of my clients ,  I am so delighted !   " I visited Julia due to my 20 month old daughter .  .  . 
30	If you dont recover from an illness ,  despite all the efforts of yourself ,  doctors and natural healthcare practitioners ,  it might be .  .  . 
30	Gysi :  „Ich bin dieses Duckmäusertum sowas von leid "   ( deutsch / english ver .  .  .  :  
30	Tell Theresa May to Ban the .  .  .  
30	 " A bend in the road is not the end of the road  .  .  .  unless you fail to make the turn .  "   -  author unknown
30	Our heart is like a seed .  If we feed it with pure ,  clean intentions it will grow into a flower of love .  And although this flower seems .  .  . 
30	Michelle ,  i really loved the business meeting today .  Gave me loads of ideas !  Thank you for organising it ! 
30	 " Products that raise our hope to get us out of the waste - dump " 2 .  Biodegradable antibacterial surface wipesI understand the need for a .  .  . 
30	Man Forced To Watch Concert With His Own Eyes 
30	You dont need to be carnivorous to get your required protein a day .  Combine your protein intake by using different sources of .  .  . 
30	Nice little overall view of high Glycaemic Foods and the related diseases .  .  .  . 
30	 " Products that raise our hope to get us out of the waste - dump " 1 .  100 %  Biodegradable and compostable bin linersThis product makes my .  .  . 
30	Prone to recurrent colds ?  Tired of fighting the battle on your own ?  Get your immune - system ready for winter .  Call Julia at The Simple Way .  .  . 
30	Absolutely divine and no guilty feelings with this sugar ,  dairy ,  nut and glutenfree Blueberry TartePastry :  glutenfree flour ,  1 egg ,  .  .  . 
30	Now its definite !  The homeworking times are over .  From Monday 26th of November I will work from Northampton Clinic 72 - 74 Abington .  .  . 
30	Improve your  # weightloss strategy :  a natural way to help dissolving ingested fats and inhibiting carbohydrate absorption are herbal .  .  . 
30	 # 10kpayrise !   # mppayrise whats our next move ?  Fill in the poll here :  
30	Find me on Twitter and Linkedin now ! 
30	Matt Damon on Civil Disobedience :  
30	gentle but very effective  # antismoking and  # weightloss treatments .  contact thesimplewaytohealth @ yahoo . co . uk for further informations
30	
30	 .  @ gobdecordoba Side with the people of Malvinas instead of Monsanto :  stop the giant frankenseed factory !  
30	If you want to find the optimum way how to live your life ,  if you want to feel alive and connected with the earth ,  yourself and the .  .  . 
30	 @ patton _ george Hi George ,  detox it is actually waste eliminating .  It can help you to prevent developing serious illnesses like .  .  . 
30	 " Im not eating anything alive "   -  Day 3Today no bad experiences with shakiness .  Had a good lunch out with my girls and despite the .  .  . 
30	Got great feedback from a patient ,  who had seen me because the devastating diagnose of Fibromyalgia and had been to the doctors back and .  .  . 
30	Dont pollute your energy with causing the torture or killing of any living being .  by living fruitarian youll attract the purest energies
30	Sod the poor ,  go offshore !  Sign up for  # taxheaven today :  
30	The power of thoughtBy changing our outlook ,  our thoughts upon a matter ,  and see it in a more positive light ,  we are attracting .  .  . 
30	I complimented Oise Pays de France’s page at  @ aboutdotme !  Check it out 
30	Packaging Materials  -  Plastic ContainersAntimony ,  similar to arsenic and others like tin ,  lead ,  bisphenol A and BPA are chemicals .  .  . 
30	The countdown is still on :  10 Free Treatments done  -  40 left .  contact me :  www . thesimplewaytohealth @ yahoo . co . uk
30	Vegan StevenThere was a young vegan Called Steven , Who just would not kill for no reason , This kid would not eatNo cheese or no meat .  .  . 
30	Nobel winner declares boycott of top science journals 
30	If we cant break down casein ,  the body produces casomorphin ,  that causes inflammation in joints and mucous membranes . 
30	The goodness we see in others is the reflection of ourselves 
30	People ,  weve been given the paradise !  And all we can do with it is to wreck it . But should we not try to preserve it for all the future .  .  . 
30	I complimented Kallen Williams’ page at  @ aboutdotme !  Check it out 
30	Im getting more and more into the connection between psychological and physiological processes .  Found a simple little graphic .  .  . 
30	 " Your bodys ability to heal is much greater than anyone has allowed you to believe "  Health is not just a physical state of being .  .  .  . 
30	You can only give those who are willing to receivethat was my realization during todays Meditation .  While I was connected with the .  .  . 
30	After I found out what happens with animals in the meat industry I felt ashamed of myself for ever having eaten meat or fish .  I cant .  .  . 
30	Did you know that  # antacids can actually worsen your  # indigestion problems ? 
30	I have managed to get my patient questionnaire ready to download from my website .  4 pages of silly questions !  !  !   ;  )  Have a look !  .  .  . 
30	Want to learn more about me ?  Check out 
30	 # Introductory  # offer :   # 20 %  off the initial treatment .   # Gettotheroot of your  # healthproblems ! 
30	ARTIFICIAL FLAVORING This blanket term refers to hundreds of laboratory chemicals designed to mimic natural flavors .  These are .  .  . 
30	You dont need to be carnivorous to get your required protein . Combine your protein intake by using different sources 
30	Most of my patients bodies significantly are in need of detoxing now after the winter ,  because the liver starts to convert abdominal fat
30	Did you know that the liver stores toxins in body - fat to protect your body from being harmed ?  And also that this is the reason why you .  .  . 
30	Chlorophyll  plant extract water hailed as the new must - have wonder drink 
30	Giving 30 minutes Free Taster Sessions tonight during a Swish at Fairfield School .  Looking forward to a lovely social and relaxing evening ! 
30	 @ udotweet Thank you ,  my lovelies ,  for tweeting my business .  I am ever so happy to have joined your network xxx
30	Thank You  |  Amnesty International UK 
30	Burnt OrangeDuring a treatment on friday afternoon my patient had a lovely experience .  She came for pain relief ,  because shed had an .  .  . 
30	You can also enter my webshop via my website now .  It gets better and better !   ;  )  
30	View my ad on EasyRoommate 
30	UK Prime Minister David Cameron :  Stop the unnecessary censorship of  " esoteric "  websites and web forums !  
30	What happens in  # Beirut  # slaughterhouse ,  doesn’t stay in Beirut slaughterhouse .  Stop the suffering today .  
30	Only 3 more weeks and I am moving into my new clinic space .  Lovely ,  spacious room where I am not having the wall in my back and dont .  .  . 
30	Put your trousers back on !   -   thats my advise to you on this hot summer - day .  But why should you do that ?  And why on earth would I .  .  . 
30	Acquired a wonderful new tarot deck and looking forward to a completely new and enhanced reading experience  -  truly enlightening !  .  .  . 
30	Feeling down and stressed out ?  Theanine ,  an amino acid naturally found in green tea ,  shows to have anti - stress and anti - depressant .  .  . 
30	This Herbal Infusion doesnt look only beautiful ,  tastes wonderful and smells divine ,  it also aids various organs and glands in your body .  .  . 
30	Top 15 chemical additives in your food1 )  BENZOIC ACID / SODIUM BENZOATE Often added to milk and meat products ,  these preservatives are .  .  . 
30	In this holographic world ,  everyone and everything is a mirror ,  and you are always seeing yourself and talking to yourself .  If you .  .  . 
30	Mayor Arzani please listen to the nearly 70 %  of locals who want Monsanto out and stop the Frankenseed factory 
30	Yesterday night I held the first circle in my house and I managed to give a message that was taken easily due to the evidence I gave !   :  ) 
30	Kinesiology is the ideal complementary therapy for all kinds of animals ,  because it is a method to communicate with the body and .  .  . 
30	If you cant deal with the hassle of counting grams ,  you can also supplement with a vegan amino acid supplement :  
30	The power of thought  In the Seth Materials Jane Roberts reveals the existence of Electromagnetic Energy Units  ( EEs )  ,  who use space to .  .  . 
30	Energy Top - up - Treatment ,  perfect to boost your energies in between .  Brilliant during lunch break or for busy Moms !  Only £25 for 30 .  .  . 
30	Cats have an amazing energy ,  from which we humans can learn so much !  Being independent but sociable ,  being caring but decisive  -  I just .  .  . 
30	Kinesiology  -  The simple way to health ?  Let your body do the talking  -  and listen to its needs !  
30	Whats the  # elephantintheroom at G7 finance talks  @ George _ Osborne ?  1 in 5 global tax havens  =  British .  I demand change .   # IFcampaign  # hunger
30	How bout performing for charities ?  The gift of ur voice could be used for good .  Black Tie Charity Ball in aid of DOWN SYNDROME GROUP NORTHAM
30	The Countdown is on :  Im giving 50 Free Treatments !  7 Ive already done  -  43 are left .  Email me now
30	Top 15 Chemical Additives in Your Food2 .  )  1 - methylcyclopropene This gas is pumped into crates of apples to stop them from producing .  .  . 
30	Food Testing  £35 .  140 of the most common foods can be tested to help identify which foods are safe for you .  Contact Julia on 07792826523
30	Order Liquid Chlorophyll now online 
30	Like tasty ,  healthy snacks ?  Use my  # friendcode to unlock your 1st ,  5th and 10th graze boxes free 
30	One of the underlying causes of high blood pressure can actually be an underactive thyroid .  Yes ,  you are right ,  normally hypothyroidism .  .  . 
30	A hologram is a 3 - dimensional form displayed in a 2 - dimensional surface .  Humans are holographic as well as our infinite selves are .  .  . 
30	 @ health _ skincare what a good idea .  mint is so brilliant to aid the digestion and it adds flavour .  will try  -  thanks  :  ) 
30	Todays Booster Juice :  Cucumber ,  Courgette ,  Fennel ,  Carrot and Apple ,  lovely green and smooth !  Super for your immunic system and if you .  .  . 
30	14 Mind - Blowing Facts About Sugar  ( Infographic )    
30	If you would like to understand the processes and how illnesses can develop in your body due to Heavy Metal Poisening ,  please follow .  .  . 
30	True magic is the power of your will .  The stronger the will the more likely change will take place .  By making a plan you create a pattern .  .  . 
30	After my meditation two days ago I was walking through Northampton with a big grin on my face .  I felt so happy .  I felt as if my whole .  .  . 
30	Feeling worn out ,  fatigued or if something is poisening you ? If a person is constantly under  ( emotional )  stress or has experienced an .  .  . 
30	A Dedication for a Healer & lt ;  Remember that you are the channel and not the energy itself ,  this will flow through you and is not of you  & gt ;  .  .  . 
30	I have updated my profile on my webside .  I find it looks quite impressing ,  although I didnt mention the politic - studies in Heidelberg .  .  . 
30	Coffee causes you  # heartburn ?  Try dandelion root .  Tastes like coffee ,  enhances  # digestion and works excellent as  # liver  # detox
30	 @ PaoloNutini How bout performing on charity events ?  The gift of ur voice could be used to do good and not only to make the rich even richer
30	Wrinkle - Washed :  Female Faces in Film Marketing 
30	Find out what will stop the next Bangladesh factory collapse  -  and how  @ hm  & amp ;   @ gap can make it happen 
30	The osmotic properties of GodBecause I have an analytical and sceptical mind it is not enough for me to just accept God as something .  .  . 
30	 @ janetbalsbaugh thanks lovely xxx
30	 " Products that raise our hope to get us out of the waste - dump " 3 .  Refillable coffee pods / padsEver thought about how much waste we .  .  . 
30	I am offering 50 %  discount on all treatments for people who are on housing benefit ,  are declared disabled or are being diagnosed with a .  .  . 
30	Pro Infirmis «Because who is perfect ? » :  
30	How are you feeling today ? Did you know that the vibrational energy of flower remedies can improve your physical and emotional wellbeing .  .  . 
30	Most amazing sugar -  ,  dairy -  and gluten free Mousse au Chocolat  -  so divine you gonna beg for more !  ! 4 eggs4 Tblsp Cocoa Powder1 / 2 Jar .  .  . 
30	Top 15 Chemicals in Food3 .  )  Artificial Colors Researchers in the early 1900s developed many artificial colors from coal - tar dyes and .  .  . 
30	Just found out that I got published in the psychic news !  To purchase the magazine ,  please press the following link :  
30	am offering additional services ! Shopping / Cooking Guidance  £ 30 per hourFor the ones of my clients who are undergoing dietary .  .  . 
30	Why boys need girls as friends  |  Daisy Buchanan 
30	Dont forget your Vitamin D this morning !  If you dont like taking pills ,  try an extra portion of salmon or tuna for lunch .  Or a spoonful .  .  . 
30	Painted ladies :  why women get tattoos 
30	Suffering from chronic stiff neck ? There are a few simple things you can do for a quick release :  1 .  Massaging Acupressure PointsTurn .  .  . 
30	Within every moment of our life we learn and grow .  And when do we learn best ?  When we try it out ourselves ,  when we fail and try again ,  .  .  . 
30	Another lovely feedback from one of my clients :   " Julia is an amazing therapist and healer .  I have had many sessions with her covering .  .  . 
30	Free  # Kinesiology Treatments available in  # Northampton
30	Todays Juice is a shocker :  Broccoli ,  Carrot ,  Beetroot dont forget to juice the leaves )  ,  Pears ,  Cellery ,  Kohlrabi ,  Ginger and fresh .  .  . 
30	Todays Booster - Smoothie :  Broccoli ,  Carrots ,  Fennel ,  Asparagus ,  Beetroot and ApplesBrilliant for liver detoxing .  .  . 
30	I got great feedback from a client today ,  who couldnt move the arm for six weeks with constant shooting pains in the anterior deltoid .  .  .  . 
30	Dear Followers ,  Likers and Friends ,  ive just installed a Guest Book on my webpage If youve received a .  .  . 
30	Stop the Cruel Slaughtering of Lambs for Easter in Italy !  
30	These give you the perfect start in the day and are also a lovely sweet treat : Wheat  -  ,  Dairy -  and Sugarfree PancakesUse 1 egg per .  .  . 
30	MUJI Stores :  Stop selling shark fin soup 
30	Forget coffee !  If you want a quick and healthy energy boost try Beetroot ShotsThe high amount of antioxidants stimulate the .  .  . 
30	Soaring fire  -  inspired by William BlakeIt is a fire that clears the heart from the burden ,  the material world brings upon it .  Disaster .  .  . 
30	 @ oscar8516 thank you !  happy to finally be here ! 
30	I am offering 25 %  discount on all treatments for people who are on housing benefit ,  if they can bring proof of identity and benefit .  .  . 
30	Day 2 of the  " Im not eating anything alive - campaign " Breakfast :  Found some baking - powder which does not contain rice or wheat flour and .  .  . 
30	The Key to Health and Happiness is in the Now .  We embark on our journeys through life with a bagpack full of tools ,  which weigh heavy .  .  . 
