2	Carers Group tonight ,  7pm at the Newsam Centre ,  Seacroft hospital .  All those worried about / supporting someone with an ED welcome . 
2	Next Carers Group :  6th November .  All friends and family members of someone with an eating disorder welcome . 
2	Carers groups run on the first Weds of every month at the Newsam Centre ,  Seacroft hospital .  If you support someone with an ED ,  come along . 
2	Come along to this weeks carers group at 7pm  -  there will be a speaker ,  and the rest of the time will be given to an open session . 
2	 @ LeedsandYorkPFT  @ Deborah _ Tee Thanks might drop by some time .  All the best . 
2	A workshop on Motivational Interviewing and Decisional Balance will be held at tonights Carers Group . 
2	Our next meeting is on Weds 5 July  -  Steve will lead a second session on motivational interviewing .  All carers ,  families and friends welcome
2	Tonights carers group :  YCEDs occupational therapist talks about the role of occupational therapy in the treatment of ED . 
2	 @ FionaFixers Not sure Fiona ,  but will have a look into it for you . 
2	Come along to our next carers meeting on 5th June at the Newsam centre to hear how occupational therapy can help in the treatment of ED . 
2	 @ gemmaoaten Leeds group for carers of eating disorder sufferers .  Trying to reach out to more carers . Please RT , thanks .  
2	 @ BBCLeeds Local charity raising awareness of eating disorders and promoting carers group .  Please share 
2	 @ radioaire B - eat - affiliated charity raising awareness of eating disorders and promoting carers group .  Please share 
2	 @ bbchealth B - eat - affiliated charity raising awareness of eating disorders and promoting carers group .  Please share 
2	 @ ilonacatherine Small UK charity raising awareness of EDs / campaigning for change in care system .  Could you follow and RT our campaigns ?  Thnx
2	 @ eltonjohndotcom Want NHS to fund workshops to train carers how to help ED sufferers .  Could you RT for signatures ?  Thnx 
2	 @ eltonjohndotcom Small UK charity raising awareness of EDs / campaigning for change in care system .  Could you follow and RT our campaigns ? Thnx
2	 @ johnprescott Want NHS to fund workshops to train carers how to help ED sufferers .  Could you RT for signatures ?  Thnx 
2	 @ PaulaAbdul Want NHS to fund workshops to train carers how to help ED sufferers .  Could you RT for signatures ?  Thnx 
2	 @ Janefonda Small UK charity raising awareness of EDs / campaigning for change in care system .  Could you follow and RT our campaigns ?  Thanks
2	 @ johnprescott Small UK charity raising awareness of EDs / campaigning for change in care system .  Could you follow and RT our campaigns ?  Thanks
2	 @ PaulaAbdul Small UK charity raising awareness of EDs / campaigning for change in care system .  Could you follow and RT our campaigns ?  Thanks
2	 @ imMKOlsen Small UK charity trying to raise awareness of EDs and change care system .  Could you follow and RT our campaigns ?  Thank you . 
2	 @ MrsSOsbourne We are a small charity trying to revolutionise care for ED sufferers and raise awareness of awful illness .  Could you follow ? x
2	 @ OfficialWinslet Want NHS to fund workshops to train carers how to help ED sufferers .  Could you RT for signatures ?  Thnx 
2	 @ MrsSOsbourne Want NHS to fund workshops to train carers how to help ED sufferers .  Could you RT for signatures ?  Thnx 
2	BBC News  -  Anorexic woman from Wales to be force fed ,  judge orders 
2	If you believe the NHS should commission these workshops ,  please sign our petition
2	Really the NHS should commission these workshops  -  if you support this ,  please sign our petition
2	We have recently applied for a grant to continue the Empowering Families workshops
2	Department of Health :  Empowering Families workshops to carers of people with eating disorders 
2	Department of Health :  Empowering Families workshops to carers of people with eating disorders 
2	raised nearly £40 for B - eat by doing scones and buns at work during EDAW
2	Carers of people with eating disorders  -  if you need support or info ,   attend our support group .   We meet every 1st Wednesday of the month
2	Eating Disorders Awareness Week is fast approaching !  How are you going to promote the recovery of eating disorders ? 
