17	Development hosting of the DDT IDE now in Github :  
17	DDT 0 . 9 . 0 out ,  now with GDB debugger support ! 
17	 @ praeclarum  @ ID _ AA _ Carmack I do wonder what kind of development JC is using Eclipse for .  Android platform ?  And even so is it C / C +  +  or Java ? 
17	 @ ID _ AA _ Carmack  @ dougschaefer Im gonna retweet this every week !  !  .  .  .  j / k ,  but some of my crowd seem to be Eclipse skeptics ! 
17	Google Groups tree view sucks !   :  (  Wheres the UI for the actual tree branches ,  collapsing / expanding subthreads ,  etc .  ?  ?  .  .  . 
17	New DDT IDE minor release out : 
17	I just tried the Dub package manager for first time ,  looks pretty good !  D greatly benefits from a  * structured *  build tool like this  # DLang
17	Submitted bug report for better Eclipse Execution Environment feedback :  
17	Although over idealistic on a few subtle points ,  Bret Victors new talk is quite interesting :  
17	DDT release 0 . 8 . 0 is out :  
17	Blog post from me :  The state and future of Eclipse ,  as an IDE and as a platform :  
17	New DDT is released !  version 0 . 7 . 0  " Midnight Riders "   :  
17	Bye bye descent . compiler  !  
17	This news is massive ,  and it should a big wake - up call for the Eclipse community  # Eclipse
17	Migrated most DDT hosting stuff to new URL :   # DDT
17	Which reminds me ,  I want to migrate DDT from Eclipse Labs to the normal Google Code hosting :  
17	Uff !  Work on the new DDT parser is almost complete :  Hopefully its not long until a new release is out .   # DDT
17	 "  @ chrisbrownie :  Id tell you a UDP joke .  .  . but you may not get it .  "  RT :  @ vogella  :  ) 
17	 @ dakkar  ( and yes ,  this reply is 3 months old .  .  .  O _ o  Ive only noticed it now due to chance .  .  .   ( trying out Tweetdeck )   ) 
17	 @ dakkar Does he swear a lot too when putting his points forwards ?  I thought Stallman was more on the crazy ,  sometimes filthy side .  .  . 
17	 @ Support My account got a bit broken when tweeting image :  
17	When automated tests get too powerful .  .  .  
17	I LOLed hard : «A programmer had a problem .  He thought “I know ,  I’ll solve it with threads ! ” .  has Now problems .  two he» 
17	 @ DEVOPS _ BORAT  " Two wrong are not make one right except in distributed database .  "  LOOOOOL
17	 @ mattgemmell All this stuff is very unfortunate ,  disappointing stewardship of Java by Oracle  .  .  .   :  (  RT :  
17	 @ kmoir  @ droy _ eclipse It is unfortunate there is controversy though :  Wish we could know for sure extent of contributions
17	Today , giving a small talk about DDT to possible new contributors ,  in event for devs looking for FOSS projects :  
17	Haha ,  funny cause its kinda true :  Oh the  " sweet "  memories of Mathematical Analysis classes at Uni .  .   # math  # engineering
17	 @ iwriteplays I might have misunderstood your situation .  Where you at  # CES as visitor or as a booth staff / presenter ? 
17	 @ brunodomedeiros  @ iwriteplays  @ Emily  ( By  " attendee "  I meant a visitor to the trade show ,  not booth staff ) 
17	 @ iwriteplays  @ Emily I totally see why it would make the booth babe feel degraded .  Dont see why it should make a female attendee feel same . 
17	 @ iwriteplays  @ Emily There is difference between booth babe and tech professional ,  no one is saying women can only be one of these at event . 
17	 @ iwriteplays  @ Emily And what makes you think youre not accepted anymore ?  Just because booth babes are female ?  .  . 
17	 @ Emily Although its a  " professional event "  ,  its a trade show  ( meant for marketing )  ,  its not a tech conference  ( meant for learning )  .  .  . 
17	Linus is a lot like House :  big in  " geniousness "  and bluntness ,  low in politeness .  Not a bad thing IMO .    # LinusTorvalds
17	 @ samengland Permit aspect of the story is false it seems : 
17	 @ vogella  @ Jeeeyul Haha ,  nice outline ,  looks like a minimap almost ! 
17	Almost 2 years after its introduction ,  Im wondering if there is any point to Eclipse Labs vs .  plain Google Code .  .  .   # Eclipse  # GoogleCode
17	Nice article on the way some programmers think and complain about language design : 
17	This article 
17	Now learning about Tycho and Maven ,  so that I can do nicer and easier Eclipse builds ,  for DDT and other projects .   # Eclipse
17	Finally trying out Eclipse 4  ( Juno ) 
17	 " Tools for Developers  & amp ;  Start Ups !  "   @ TechHub Im definitely going to this ,  wohoo ,  its right up my alley !   # devtools
17	Just because its a JUnit test ,  doesnt mean its a unit test .  .  .   # TDD
17	 @ dakkar Lol ,  seriously ?  I think I can manage it on my own ,  but I confess I am left at least quite curious about it !   : p
17	Faced with practical tasks ,  I realized I really dont know yet how to work with Git in actual multi - contributor env .  Need to read docs again
17	DDT 0 . 6 . 0  " John Mirra "  is out :  
17	New blog post about equals (  )  pitfalls :  
17	Boy ,  have times changed :   " Microsoft Counted As Key Linux Contributor "  : 
17	Im away on holidays for this week ,  back on the next one ! 
17	 @ TechHub Haha ,  wish I had been at Techhub that day  ; P
17	Nearly forgot to tweet :  Cool talk about funny programming languages idiosyncrasies : 
17	 @ rcjsuen ah , restarting is fine . I was getting afraid upcoming Eclipse would have too  " stylish "  UI  -  I dont fancy the new themes at all .  . 
17	Created a wiki page to track DLTK issues that affect DDT :  
17	 @ dougschaefer  @ rcjsuen Thx guys ,  I too hadnt realized the need to restart Eclipse to fully enable classic themes .  Looks fugly b4 restart  : S
17	Uff !  What started as a minor cleanup ,  ended up as 5 man - days major rewrite of  ( broken )  DeeSearchEngine O _ O  :  
17	Nice article by John Carmack  ( iD games )  on static analysis : 
17	 @ brunodomedeiros Im most of all bummed with the Synchronize view .  In Mercurial Eclipse they had really good workflow and UI for DVCS .  .  . 
17	Oh ,  how I regret having switched DDT hosting from Hg to Git so soon .  .  . MercurialEclipse was so much better that Egit .  .  .   ( v _ v )    # egit  # eclipse
17	 .  .  .  at least lets see if I can clear my inbox and newsgroup post backlog  ( stuff to read ) 
17	Will probably only have time to continue work on DDT launch  &  debug functionality after the holidays period .  .  .  Next year that is  : p
17	 @ hmobius Ive heard of Nemerle before ,  read a bit about it already .  Looked nice but I wasnt interested in exploring or trying it out more . 
17	Im noticing some annoying performance issues with EGit when saving files .   :  /  Perhaps I should have kept Mercurial for a bit longer .   # git
17	Good article about staging index :  Personally ,  I would prefer to use commits for checkpoint workflow ,  did similar in Hg
17	And yeah ,  the Git staging index does seem like a somewhat unnecessarily intrusive feature . 
17	I know Git - Fu !  Well ,  the basics at least .  .  Need to get acquainted with EGit specifics now . 
17	Converted DDTs Google Code Mercurial repos to Git .  Will finalize switch and update frontpage later .   ( the update site URL will change ) 
17	 @ vogella If you believe what RMS believes ,  it is not out of line .  .  .  his notions of software freedom are very extreme !  
17	Im surprised that many people where indignant to Stallmans comments on Steve Jobs :  
17	 " Know Your IDE Inside Out !  "   -  & gt ;  
17	DDT 0 . 5 . 0  " Creamfields "  is out :   ( was a bit sick with cold this week so GDC support didnt go in yet ) 
17	Hoping to release DDT 0 . 5 . 0 before end of the week .  .  .   ( Im going to Creamfields this weekend ) 
17	Strange ,  I dont seem to be getting twitter email notifications when Im mentioned or replied ,  even tho those options are on . 
17	 @ Extrawurst Hopefully ,  yeah .  There is not much work left for next DDT release ,  just depends of how much free time I get in next weeks . 
17	Looking at article and videos about the new changes in Java 7 :  
17	Back from holidays ,  so back to work .  .  . 
17	Im on holidays ,  so I Ill be out of the loop for a while .  .  . 
17	 # d _ lang Hum ,  Im trying out GDC on Windows ,  and eventually ,  GDB as well
17	It kinda sucks that blogspots comments dont allow any kind of formatting  :  / 
17	LOL :  
17	 # d _ lang Released DDT 0 . 4 . 3 
17	New Blog post :   " Emacs or Vi ?  Why the answer is neither .   "   -  & gt ;  
17	 # d _ lang A post with current differences between DDT and Descent :  
17	 @ alan _ parkinson preferably residential ,  to store there full monitor ,  keyboard ,  etc .  .  Hard to develop code with laptop only .  .  . 
17	 @ sergiomdgomes Cool ,  thx ,  thats exactly the auto - linking I was looking for ! 
17	Only now I have realized I have tweets mentioning  @ brunodomedeiros  .  .  .  Feel like Twitter noob . Which I am .  Sorry for not replying .  .  .   ~  _  ~ 
17	 .  .  .  and Im considering  @ TechHub for office space ,  liked the placed ,  the tech environment .  Definitely dont want to work from home . 
17	Gave my resignation today ,  leaving in one month .  Not looking for a new job ATM ,  so for a few months I should be working in DDT full time ! 
17	 # d _ lang Released DDT 0 . 4 . 2
17	 # d _ lang Doing a bit of testing for upcoming DDT 0 . 4 . 2
17	 # d _ lang D got 3 projects for Google Summer of Code .  Pretty cool  ( although no DDT proposal made it )  ,  but its great to finally be on GSoC
17	 @ vogella  @ elvisd  @ gmail LOL ,  and that AF looks very similar to this one 
17	RT from  @ vogella RT  " I miss the old days .  There was less nostalgia then .  "   : P
17	Awesome ,  D programming language organization accepted into Google Summer of Code 2011 ! 
17	EclipseLabs seems a bit more unstable and less featured than main Google Code hosting . Not even sure what is point of EL in the first place
17	DDT 0 . 4 . 1 is out .   ( Hum ,  more than 3 months since last release ,  Id like to release more often .  ) 
17	I loved this post 
17	Switched DDT source control to Mercurial ,  lets see how that goes .  Didnt have much choice anyways .  .  .   ( Git is not supported in GoogleCode ) 
17	Inspired by the D NewsGroup ,  Id like to stop postponing a switch to a DCVS .  Still undecided about Mercurial vs .  Git though .   : S
17	 " Make quick fixes quicker on Google Project Hosting "  
17	Hudson dev community unhappy with Oracle approach ,  renames it Jenkins  :  
17	Back from holidays ,  back to work .  .  . 
17	Note to self :  dont rename files with a case - only change in SVN .  It just chokes the whole WC on Windows .   :  /  Sure hope DVCSs do a better job . 
17	I hope the weekly time I spend in the D NewsGroup is drastically reduced once I clear my backlog of old messages and issues  : S
17	I was expecting Google Code to be a bit more polished and featured in some aspects .  Like ,  able to link to issues in issue comments .  .  .   : S
17	LOL ,  funny article by Steve Yegge ,   " Haskell Researchers Announce Discovery of Industry Programmer Who Gives a Shit  " 
17	 # d _ lang Hum ,   _ interesting _  benchmark / metric of programing languages : 
17	Oh man ,  bearophile is so overrated  .  .  .   ~  .  ~ 
17	I started a developer blog :  
17	Released DDT 0 . 4 . 0  !   (  "  .  .  . you will be baked .  .  .  "  ) 
17	Great ,  now when I google for Eclipse ,  Im getting even more results relating to the Twilight Saga ,  especially with Instant Search .  lolz .  .  . 
17	My Linux setup with DMD and DDT is done ,  tests run as green as Windows !  Im hopeful I will release DDT 0 . 4 . 0 before the end of the week .   : 7
17	Hum ,  Virtual Box VM crashed .  .   :  /   I was thinking this would be more stable ,  and crashes would be extremely rare ,  under normal usage . 
17	Yesterday ,  I started experimenting with VirtualBox :  installed XP and Ubuntu on VMs .   ( btw ,  first time I installed Linux in many years .  .  .  ) 
17	Oracles lawsuit onslaught continues ,  Im still worried of the implications for the Java community .  .  . 
17	Uploaded release candidate for DDT 0 . 4 . 0 ,  hopefully its very close to release . 
17	Funny pic about what programmers from each language think of each other ,  straight from the D newsgroups :  : D
17	Still fighting an epic battle to make Windows 7 look and behave more like Windows XP / 98 .  .  . 
17	After deferring for quite a while ,  Im finally installing and trying out Windows 7 .  Push was getting a virus on XP due to Windows exploit  : S
17	Eclipse Labs source search seems to be broken as well : 
17	Just heard from Google London ,  I wasnt accepted though .   :  / Maybe a next time . 
17	Opened bug report for project feeds in Eclipse Labs hosting
17	Finished moving DDT to Eclipse Labs :  Will still use DSource for some things ,  like the forum . 
17	Created DDT project in Eclipse Labs ,  as EL has some cool useful features .  Will move most of hosting from DSource to there ,  when I have time . 
17	Google interview went ok ,  but not great .  Also ,  I am a bit unsure about the generalist nature of their Software Engineer role . 
17	Interview tomorrow .  Went through all lectures of MIT OCW 6 . 046J  -  Intro to Algs ,  but only managed to study a fraction of the CLRS book .   :  / 
17	Back from holidays ,  back to work .  And to studying and preping for Google onsite interview .  .  .   : o
17	Per a user request ,  I released a preview build of DDT 0 . 4 in 
17	Passed the Google phone screen ,  Im moving on to the onsite interview .   ( even though Im not sure I would accept a job offer ) 
17	My first stack overflow question :  
17	Renamed Mmrnmhrm project to DDT  (  
