2	Crime and punishment :  Why throwing away the key doesnt work  
2	The Something Must Be Done Act 2014 :  
2	BBC News  -  Cameron backs life means life sentences  
2	As EU work restrictions are lifted for Romanians and Bulgarians ,  an influx has begun of Britons heading for Bucharest 
2	BBC News  -  Who ,  what ,  why :  Who still uses the Shipping Forecast ?  
2	Migration :  politics of fear  |  Editorial 
2	Lucy Mangan :  First Boris ,  then Dave ,  now Gidiot :  are our leaders taking it in turns to be stupid ?  
2	
2	Daily Mail article coming soon  -  scientists say the moon isnt made of green cheese ,  so the Mail get experts to provide a balanced opinion . 
2	Censored :  Why the media hides Cuba’s role in the end of apartheid  |  Talking Politics  -  Yahoo News UK 
2	Mission accomplished ?  Afghanistan is a calamity and our leaders must be held to account  |  Seumas Milne 
2	Why does Wonga even exist ?  Its a question no one on the left asks  |  Zoe Williams 
2	Whether or not its Heathrow ,  airport expansion is just another glamorous project for the rich  |  Simon Jenkins 
2	Superfoods 
2	Deadly 100mph storms to hit Britain on Christmas day  |  UK  |  News  |  Daily Express 
2	Property and pensions ,  the roadblocks on living standards 
2	Vitamin supplements are a waste of money and could harm rather than improve your health 
2	Experts :  Dont Waste Your Money on Multivitamins – WebMD 
2	More runways is so last century 
2	Humans are not smarter than animals  -  we just dont understand them  
2	David Simon :  There are now  two Americas .  My country is a horror show 
2	
2	David Cameron is a hypocrite for naming Nelson Mandela his personal hero 
2	Holland  & amp ;  Barrett’s Ask Our Owls :  a PR Success ?  
2	A rebuke to the antivaccine movement :  Hundred million cases of disease prevented ,  millions of lives saved by vaccines 
2	Something is rotten in the teeth of Hamilton  
2	
2	I see that Countdown no longer hold auditions  -  how else can anyone explain todays contestants ?   # countdown
2	Do you ,  like the new health secretary ,  Jeremy Hunt ,  believe in homeopathy ?   |  Poll 
2	Michael Gove :  An Idiot Abroad  |  Sonny Leong  |  Independent Eagle Eye Blogs 
2	BBC News  -  Newspaper review :  Dementia shame ,  and winter hell 
2	 @ mirabarhillel  @ Alibisatt  @ bengoldacre  @ SixBodyBlade Or  anything else ! 
2	BBC News  -  Is there benefit tourism in the UK ?  
2	Detox Diets are Useless and Waste of Money :  British Dietitians 
2	BBC News  -  Viewpoint :  Why do people hate the word chemicals ?  
2	Tube tickets ?  Now you must rage against the machine  |  Stefan Stern 
2	The Paul Flowers affair confirms it :  2015 will be a dirty election  |  Jonathan Freedland 
2	
2	Detox diets useless – eat less and exercise more for good health 
2	Check out this site :  
2	Top 20 things politicians need to know about science 
2	Everything thats wrong with BBC Question Time in one graph  |  Martin Robbins 
2	 .  @ bbcquestiontime Where are the experts ?  We want better representation of scientists on  # BBCQT 
2	
2	Quack Word  # 39 :  Superfood :  
2	A breath of fresh Hoodia 
2	BBC News  -  Remembrance Sunday :  
2	Royal Marine court martial :  ex - defence chief calls for severe penalty 
2	Iain Duncan Smith is no longer fit - for - work  |  Talking Politics  -  Yahoo News UK 
2	Theresa May must be glad shes not on performance - related pay  |  Hugh Muir 
2	This year ,  I will wear a poppy for the last time  |  Harry Leslie Smith 
2	MPs may live to regret this rash bid to neuter charities  |  Zoe Williams 
2	From Obamacare to trade ,  superversion is the new and very real threat to the state  |  George Monbiot 
2	Take my advice :  adopt a degree of scepticism towards media reports  |  Joshua Rozenberg 
2	Detox diets useless – eat less and exercise more for good health 
2	God Trumps 
2	Government are racing the  # gagginglaw through the Lords .  Sign and RT the petition to scrap or fix it now :  
2	Wonga :  The men who made £50million from other peoples cash woes 
2	BBC News  -  Wonga :  Perception customers are poor 
2	BBC News  -  Wonga defends UK business practices 
2	Europe is an anchor for British business  |  Vince Cable 
2	Ideology meets idiocy in these brutal disability cuts  |  Polly Toynbee 
2	Welfare dependency isnt Britains gravest economic problem .  Pitiful pay is  |  Polly Toynbee 
2	
2	Not just another BBC jibe  |  Jackie Ashley 
2	The grip of privatisation on our vital services has to be broken  |  Seumas Milne 
2	The Baby P inquiry shows witch - hunts still thrive  |  Jenni Russell 
2	Pretty cool Squidoo lens :  Is Mila  ( Chia Seed Superfood )  a Scam 
2	Medical tourism generates millions for NHS and wider economy ,  finds study 
2	BBC acts to stem poppy row  
2	BBC News  -  TV licence faces cut unless BBC rebuilds trust  -  Shapps 
2	The Great British Bake Off :  why did our show attract so much vitriol ?   |  Ruby Dandoh 
2	 :  Record - breaking snow predicted for November  |  UK  |  News  |  Daily Express 
2	
2	ionic detox foot bath hoax :  
2	Enemies of the the Daily Mail discover new strength in numbers 
2	Ralph Miliband and why the love of Britain comes in more than just one form 
2	Ralph Miliband and why the love of Britain comes in more than just one form 
2	BBC News  -  Can you bake your own white loaf for 47p ?  
2	Millionaire George Osborne may say we’re all in it together ,  but he is in a different bit of ‘it’ to the rest of us .  
2	Matthew Norman on Monday :  Whats Iain Duncan Smith doing running welfare ?  
2	Conservative party to force the jobless to work for nothing or lose their dole 
2	Government should be ashamed of its grubby greed and risible rush to sell the Royal Mail 
2	Cameron’s patronising attitude towards women will cost him the election 
2	MoD study sets out how to sell wars to the public 
2	Kenya mall attack :  David Camerons rush to solve the crisis wont help  |  Simon Jenkins 
2	Trident :  this £100bn Armageddon weapon wont make us one jot safer  |  Simon Jenkins 
2	Study Dumps Colon Cleansing as Useless and Dangerous 
2	If this is economic success for Britain ,  what would failure look like ?   |  Seumas Milne 
2	American gun use is out of control .  Shouldnt the world intervene ?   |  Henry Porter 
2	The Worst Business Model in the World  ( And What You Can Learn From & amp ; nbsp ; It )   -   @ HarvardBiz 
2	 @ julianhuppert keep asking the questions ! 
2	 @ julianhuppert
2	On Syria ,  John Kerry is confusing international law with American pride  |  Simon Jenkins 
2	The US has little credibility left :  Syria wont change that  |  Gary Younge 
2	Special Report :  The human cost of a Qatar World Cup  |  Pitchside Europe  -  Yahoo !  Eurosport UK 
2	Colon Cleanse Tablets  -  
2	Scientology detox programmes :  expensive and unproven  |  Edzard Ernst 
2	Two - tier workforce condemning millions to low - paid jobs ,  study warns 
2	Syrian Repercussions :  A political body blow to the Prime Minister ,  but the right decision for Britain 
2	Shot down :  David Camerons plans for military action in Syria defeated in Commons vote 
2	BBC News  -  MPs to vote twice before direct UK action 
2	Comparing David Miranda to phone hackers wilfully misses the point  |  Brian Cathcart 
2	The real threat to our way of life ?  Not terrorists or faraway dictators ,  but our own politicians |  Simon Jenkins 
2	BBC News  -  UK service sector activity and confidence rise ,  CBI survey finds 
2	Nick Hewers jolly lucky TV career 
2	I can clinically prove that beauty ads are tosh 
2	Western leaders seem worryingly unaware of the risks of military involvement in Syria  
2	BBC News  -  Welsh patients denied newer cancer drugs 
2	National Secular Society  -  Secularism for beginners :  
2	Chief Rabbi Lord Sacks says society is losing the plot 
2	Noni Nonsense :  Miracle Juice or Scam in a Bottle ?  
2	BBC News  -  Chief of defence staff warns over military expectations 
2	
2	Snowden NSA files :  US and UK at odds over security tactics as row escalates 
2	David Miranda ,  schedule 7 and the danger that all reporters now face  |  Alan Rusbridger 
2	The return of Section 28 :  Schools and academies are practising homophobic policy outlawed by Tony Blair’s government 
2	What is behind this fracking mania ?  Unbridled machismo  |  George Monbiot 
2	Currently reading 
2	We have another option in Egypt :  to do nothing  |  Oliver Miles 
2	Osborne economics is not an invincible force of nature  |  John Harris 
2	News  |  Daily Express 
2	Currently reading 
2	Gibraltar and the Falklands deny the logic of history  |  Simon Jenkins 
2	Homeopathy  -  how could any honest person sell this rubbish ?  
2	Britains first world war centenary plans show a reluctance to face history  |  Richard Norton - Taylor 
2	Britains booming population is a blessing ,  not a curse  |  Polly Toynbee 
2	The BBC needs conserving .  Yet these Conservatives think not  |  Polly Toynbee 
2	Benefit and immigration cuts wont make a single person better off .  And voters know it  |  Peter Wilby 
2	BBC News  -  Whats it like being called Messiah ?  
2	DrTheresaDale 
2	Bank of England :  Carneys gamble 
2	Advertising watchdog rejects complaints from Tory MP with links to the bookies 
2	Zero - hours contracts :  in David Camerons Britain ,  the dockers line - up is back  |  Seumas Milne 
2	Zero - hours contract workers  -  the new reserve army of labour ?  
2	David Cameron is presiding over a racist party 
2	Benefits fantasies ,  pippins fit for a prince ,  honest reading ,  and a tip 
2	BBC News  -  Fracking row peer Lord Howell to visit North East 
2	Edward Snowdens not the story .  The fate of the internet is 
2	New direction needed to lead us out of Wongaland 
2	Dredging through the Great Barrier Reef for a giant coal project  -  -  no way !  Stop  @ Aurizon _  funding now .  Sign  & amp ;  RT :  
2	
2	Scientology detox programmes :  expensive and unproven  |  Edzard Ernst 
2	Acai and the acai berry 
2	Reading Colon Cleansers ,  Colonic Irrigation ,  and Quackery here :  
2	Benedict Cumberbatch punches Jeremy Clarkson on Top Gear  |  Showbiz  |  News  |  Daily Express 
2	Trident :  nuclear platitudes ?  No thanks 
2	Strategist had no influence on cigarette plan ,  Hunt insists 
2	BBC News  -  Arms exports from UK raise questions ,  MPs say 
2	Child Sacrifices 
2	Benefit cap to see rise in applicants per job from 23 to 2 . 68 million 
2	White american gun enthusiasts pretty keen to meet next black teenager 
2	National Secular Society  -  Michael Gove personally killing RE ,  say enthusiasts for RE :  
2	Weight Loss Customers Are Being Hoodia - Winked :  
2	Nutrition Quackery  -  Ask the Dietitian®  # quackery  # dieticians  # nutritionists
2	
2	Miliband ,  Labour and Falkirk :  the real problem is unions arent influential enough  |  Seumas Milne 
2	More trouble for Mr Cameron from Strasbourg  -  Editorials  -  Voices  -  The Independent 
2	BBC Analysis :  Whole - life tariffs ruling could spark another huge row 
2	Ministers angry at European whole - life tariffs ruling 
2	Forcing down Evo Moraless plane was an act of air piracy  |  John Pilger 
2	BBC News  -  Egypt crisis :  What next for the Muslim Brotherhood ?  
2	
2	Wandering Primate :  Detoxin your wallet dry !  
2	Britain basks in sunshine .  But is it due to the freak global weather ?   -  Science   -  The Independent 
2	Reading Noni Juice  -  Is Noni Juice Lining Quack Pockets ?  here :  
2	You’re not unemployed – you lack self - reliance  -  Comment  -  Voices  -  The Independent 
2	When is a military coup not a military coup ?  When it happens in Egypt ,  apparently  - The Independent 
2	Egypts coup :  a ruinous intervention  |  Jonathan Steele 
2	To Lord Freud ,  a food bank is an excuse for a free lunch  |  Zoe Williams 
2	BBC News  -  Trident :  Lib Dems consider end to continuous at - sea nuclear deterrent 
2	BBC  - Health tourism :  Foreigners face charge to access NHS 
2	Demand for food banks ‘has nothing to do with benefits squeeze , ’ Lord Freud  - The Independent 
2	Whats wrong with Gillian McKeith 
2	BBC News  -  Impact of housing benefit changes worse than feared 
2	Wonga on payday loans  -  
2	After Nestlé ,  Aptamil manufacturer Danone is now hit by breast milk scandal  -  UK  -  The Independent 
2	Speed cameras :  The rights blind spot  -  Comment  -  Voices  -  The Independent 
2	She had scammed them ,  but the paper messed up their research and got her methods wrong  # trickery  # mediums
2	Psychic gets £125 , 000 after Daily Mail suggested she had scammed audience  
2	Two - year - old with IQ higher than Cameron and Obama  - The Independent 
2	The dark side of credit  -  a million new payday loans every month  -  Money  -  The Independent 
2	Dr .  Oz and Green Coffee Beans  -  More Weight Loss Pseudoscience :  
2	BBC News  -  Armed Forces Day celebrated across UK 
2	We should have talked to Taliban says top British officer in Afghanistan 
2	BBC News  -  Facebook removes ads from controversial pages to avoid boycott 
2	Denying the evidence is a political issue  # climatechange
2	If you got the BOGUS email ,  it’s time to hit DELETE !  
2	Richard Drax – The Dorset Echo’s golden boy talks poppycock 
2	Just remember what many Tories thought of Nelson Mandela in the apartheid years  |  Suzanne Moore 
2	Ed Balls was too prudent .  We need full - throttle fury  |  Polly Toynbee 
2	Danny Alexander :  capital catch - up  |  Editorial 
2	Spending Review 2013 :  George Osbornes brutal assault on low - paid and jobless 
2	Osborne slashes public sector jobs and targets benefits in spending review 
2	BBC News  -  Texas abortion bill blocked by Senator Davis filibuster 
2	BBC News  -  Texas abortion bill blocked by Senator Wendy Davis filibuster 
2	BBC News  -  Spending Review :  An at - a - glance summary 
2	BBC News  -  Australia - Japan whaling court case 
2	What right - wing lunacy is in the Conservative rebels Alternative Queens Speech ?   - The Independent 
