1	Interesting trend of e - cigarette adverts on tv .  Guess it gets around the ban on cigarette advertising rules . 
1	 @ shwood Thats a really nice shirt .  .  Wheres it from ? 
1	Looking at peoples Facebook and laughing .  Sometimes your own shit isnt so bad ya know .  . 
1	Keane loving Theos 2 - 0 celebration .  Ive never liked the man so much .  Then calling Spurs fans idiots ?  Love . 
1	 @ garnettlee Oh Garnett… You picked the crap North London team .  Come over to the red side . 
1	That  @ SergeGnabry is fantastic .  Cant wait to see him play again .  Great replacement for Theo if hes out long term .  . 
1	
1	 @ lfcscott yup .  Football fans are always giving out to players ,  but they cant take a little back !   : p
1	Theo will get fined for that .  But that was fucking legendary . 
1	Gnabry needs to come off before he completely does his hamstring .  Out on his feet . 
1	What do you think of shit ? 
1	Bloody love Arsenal fans .  Chants of only 1 Harry Redknapp is bloody fantastic . 
1	Wenger ,  sign him up .  Wenger ,  Wenger sign him up . 
1	Fuck Off You Spurs .   # FOYS
1	“ @ SportHumour :  Thierry Henry wont be happy with this !  
1	Can absolutely see wilshere getting sent off . 
1	Gnabry has been great .  Hope he gets more chances in the first team . 
1	That Sherlock intro .  . 
1	 @ lawrencedenne97 Yeah… i dont think so either .  Oh well !  Could be a great comeback . 
1	Not sure Ive ever seen darts as good as MVG is producing .  Incredible . 
1	Slight change of losing ?  Adebayor off injured .  Standard . 
1	Such mixed feelings bout Spuds winning .  I dont even . 
1	Standard Adebayor playing for a contract goal . 
1	Has Cole always had A .  Cole on his shirt at Chelsea ?  Are they bringing Joe Cole back ,  or Carlton in ? 
1	Id really love OGS to turn down Cardiff after seeing that . 
1	Theeeooooo .  Never in doubt . 
1	 @ 5carab Dont think they will though .  Score draw probably ,  standard mid table clash . 
1	Looks like Bendtners broken something .  .  That means our reserve striker is now Park ! 
1	THE GREATEST STRIKER EVER RETURNS
1	BIG GAME BENDTNER ! 
1	That united team is absolute pony . 
1	So far a pretty frustrating Arsenal display .  10 minutes to go .  . 
1	The most pointless game today ?  The mid - table clash at 5 . 30 .  Snoozefest . 
1	 @ lfcscott Yours may not be ,  but mine is .  And his son is French .  Mental times eh ? 
1	MVG is incredible .  2nd best Dutch athlete to God . 
1	 @ 5carab imma be at yours in like 15 mins .  .  Soz ! 
1	 @ 5carab Des finishes work at 10ish so would be up after that . 
1	 @ 5carab Des is fine with it .  ill probably get the bus and be there around 8 if thats ok ?  cool if i get a pizza later ?   .  .  . 
1	 @ 5carab Im cool with it ,  and may actually be preferable .  Ill check with Des . 
1	 @ 5carab Yup .  But it is Anderson Silva ? 
1	 @ 5carab UFC tonight ,  interested ? 
1	 # moyesin
1	 @ lfcscott 
1	Arsenal fan Sherwood appointed Spuds manager .  Haha .   # FOYS
1	Mike Dean really is a fucking moron . 
1	Walcotts not really been in the game ,  and Özil is getting to be quite frustrating tonight . 
1	Mike Dean just Mike Deaned the game . 
1	Oh ,  and i really do feel bad for Eriksen ,  Lloris  & amp ;  Holtby .  Poor guys ,  they just made the wrong choice ! 
1	Itll be blown out proportion ,  and its still funny ,  but Sp * rs loosing to Southampton isnt that shameful anymore . 
1	 @ lfcscott Cool beans . 
1	 @ lfcscott Top at christmas top at the end .  Still doing stuff tonight ? 
1	Bit awkward when your TiVo is already planning to record new Top Gear on 2 / 1  & amp ;  Quiz of the year on 26 / 12 . 
1	Ive just seen that after Monday ,  Arsenal could slip all the way to fourth .  Ugh . 
1	I found my wallet .  It was under some shit .  Ah well . 
1	Rumour about Suarez at Emirates Stadium tonight is surely BS . 
1	WHERE THE FUCK IS MY WALLET ?  ! 
1	Well now i have to watch all of BBCs world cup coverage .  What half - wit will they put with King Titi ? 
1	Vermaelen is playing so deep .  Dont trust Monreal as a LB either .  Cmon Arsenal . 
1	Jeez .  Is that sequence of play the end of Arsenals title challenge ?   :  ( 
1	The amount of shit ill get on Monday cause ive had a haircut is already unbearable .   # BabeMagnet
1	New bike on Sunday .  Kinda excited .  Exercise though .  .  . 
1	The lesson today ;  Get more sleep .   # GrumpierThanUsual
1	 @ lfcscott  @ 5carab its my works Christmas party ,  so Im gunna be wasted on free alcohol unfortunately . 
1	Hearing Vieira say he wanted to finish his career at Arsenal hurts ,  but without him leaving we might never have had  @ cesc4official
1	God I want Vieira back at Arsenal .  Just having him around the club would be magic . 
1	 @ 5carab You can thank Mr Redknapp for that ,  Im sure . 
1	 @ JordanM _ 22 think I paid £280 Im the end . 
1	Fantastic finish . 
1	Feel terrible for  @ GaryLineker ,  having to work with those 2 .  Shearer cant even remember August . 
1	Sorry .  .  Did Shearer just say Utd didnt sign any players in the summer ?  A tall man with an afro would tell you different . 
1	How much weight can you safely lose in 2 weeks ?   # Starve
1	Cat among the pigeons .   # imacelebrity
1	Mandela has actually died ?  Damn ,  it gets the best of them .  RIP
1	Killed fantasy football last night . 
1	Hate that people give a shit that Nigella Lawson twice used coke .  Who gives a fuck ? 
1	What id give for another Sunderland goal . 
1	 @ OptaJoe Arshavin ? 
1	Its still so hard to believe we signed Mesut Ozil for £42 . 5m .  What a player .  What a team . 
1	We are bloody sick at scoring within the first 5 minutes of a kick off . 
1	“ @ MatchOfTheDave :  Chamakh last night .  Bendtner tonight .  Football is broken . ”Next Park will come on and score ! 
1	Bloody hell . 
