2	Wouldnt it be a shame if Dappy died .  .   # wishfulthinking
2	This past month has been amazing .  Probably the happiest Ive been in a long time
2	 @ adeyward1 Youre free to do whatever on your device without Apple restrictions .  Theres many things to do with it jailbroken
2	Someone have a house party and kindly invite me please ?  Thanks
2	“ @ Oliviaa _  _ Gracee :  Why are my mother and  @ RhysTowey texting .  Slightly worried Tbh” you mean :  sexting *   ;  ) 
2	Finally ,  a mobilesubstrate update for iOS 7 is available .  Jailbreaking iOS 7 is now worth it .   # cydia
2	Whys my mum just put a sack of presents in my room thinking I was asleep ?  Maybe Santa got tired so she brought them up for him .  .   # curious
2	Heavy rain here in St . Vincent this afternoon .  Its like Ive never left England 
2	Laziness is a dish best served delivered
2	What a boring day
2	I do love a cheeky bit of Grand Designs in the evening  # Channel4
2	Was lovely seeing  @ ImPaulMcKenna at dinner tonight in  @ BuccBayResort .   # StVincent  # BuccamentBay 
2	Ive watched Project X way too many times
2	 @ Danielf929 Thanks Dan
2	Happy  # SexyFriday everyone
2	iPhone 5 is fucked .  I charged it up and the battery somehow fried up .  iPhones are shit
2	LSD makes users lose weight  That makes sense ,  its kinda hard to get to the fridge when theres a dragon guarding it . 
2	Just forcefully installed Snapchat on my Mac .   # hacked
2	I bet most people on Twitter didnt know   @ chrismessina introduced / created the  # hashtag
2	Still feeling awful from New Years but dragging myself out to go clubbing tonight and Saturday night .  God help me
2	Im that lazy that I couldnt be bothered to clean the kitchen surface so I made a sandwich on my brothers laptop
2	Just climbed the O2 Arena in London .  It was incredible  # uptheo2 
2	 @ JCG _ AZ _ is Thanks Joyce .  I hope all is well
2	Someone DM me ,  Im so bored .  So bored that Im even starting to miss the spam messages
2	On my way to the O2 Arena in London to walk over the building .  Bit nervous but excited
2	My mum just asked my younger brother if he would do some charity work for a day and he replied  " How much will they pay me ?  "   # idiot
2	 # VevoGiveUsOur13MillionViewsBack  -  YouTube counts unique views on videos only so stop crying over YouTube views you sad cheating bastards
2	I hate being notified that Ive got peoples tweets retweeted  & amp ;  favourited when I retweet something .  Feel like I should be paid to advertise
2	Two Door Cinema Clubs new EP  " Changing Of The Seasons "  is absolute shite .  So disappointed as I love  # TDCC
2	 @ DaiDavey  @ Oliviaa _  _ Gracee So what does that make you ,  Uncle ?  A big nerd ? 
2	Although I dont think much of Christmas ,  I wish everyone a very Merry Christmas
2	Im very impressed with my new website design  -  
2	Sick of being invited to Facebook events from friends Uni nights out .  Bit clear Im not going to travel hundreds of miles for a night out
2	 @ georgiacarpxo My Snapchat is :  rhystowey
2	I HAVE TICKETS FOR BOMBAY BICYCLE CLUB  @  O2 ACADEMY BRIXTON !  ! 
2	 @ jullzbek You too ! 
2	 # GeordieShore
2	I just stroked my cat on the back and the little fucker looked up and winked at me .  Am I tripping from injecting insulin ?  ! 
2	 @ samjohninnes youve got the right idea my friend
2	 @ soheilpro Im only on episode 5 of the first season but I love it ! 
2	All packed and ready for Barbados in the morning .  Cant wait now
2	Hippodrome tonight wif ma boyz .   # kingston  # bigcheese
2	 @ OllieeeR Haha yes it is mate .  Its worth checking out now before Apple patch over the jailbreak
2	Fuck off Torres
2	HAPPY NEW YEARRRR XXXXX
2	R . I . P Nelson Mandela
2	Currently working on Snapchat for PC .  This is going to be interesting
2	Retweet this if you dont like being told what to do
2	Disappointing game from Brentford .  First time I see them play for months and they lose
2	Just found out my dad got married several months ago without even telling me .  Even his side of family hid it from me .  I feel heart broken .  . 
2	What sounds better :   " Made in the UK "  ,   " Made in Britain "  ,   " Made in Great Britain "  or  " Made in the United Kingdom "  ? 
2	Parcel deliveries always come at the most awkward time during the day
2	Suffering bad with very high sugar levels .  Thanks diabetes
2	 @ DaiDavey Thats right ,  I went there ! 
2	 @  _ shutupmegg Watch an episode ,  do a bit of coursework and repeat  ;  )  I love your profile header image .  It made me laugh a lot haha
2	Just done my good deed of the day and donated to Wikipedia .   # keepitfree
2	Apparently ,  the condom was invented in the early 1500s ,  originally made of lamb intestines .  In Wales they call that anal
2	 @ JCG _ AZ _ is Thank you Joyce ! 
2	Check me out being a pilot in an A380 
2	Theres too many stupid people in the world
2	Cannot believe ticket prices for the London Underground will increase by at least £1 next year .  As if its not enough already !  !   # fuckTFL
2	My brothers conversation with my nan .  Im dying of laughter 
2	Bombay Bicycle Clubs new single  " Its Alright Now "  makes me twice as excited for the new album  " So Long ,  See You Tomorrow "  in February . 
2	My first iPhone  ( iOS )  app .  Blackpool Pleasure Beach ,  here I come 
2	My ex - girlfriend used to hate how I acted around my mates .  Happy . 
2	Someone please release an iOS 7 jailbreak already
2	Just been to British Sky Broadcasting  ( Sky TV ,  Broadband ,  etc .  )  for a tour and to find out about apprenticeships there .  Was so amazing ! 
2	8 Out Of 10 Cats at Pinewood Studios was fantastic .  Thanks  @ VoteMessum for the ticket
2	 @ p3restroika Wish I had held back for a week before jailbreaking .  The first release is always buggy .  Plus ,  Im waiting for the Cydia update . 
2	 @ heyyitsmegh haha I have no idea .  Hes a weirdo
2	 @ melperkovich I know a little bit of German but thats all
2	Just got to the hotel in Barbados and its pissing it down with rain .  I came on holiday to escape the British weather ,  not to stay in it ! 
2	Google are being attacked for the size of the  # RemembranceDay poppy on their homepage
2	 @ TheJessMilner I dont know what it is about me but most cats love me .  I get more cats than women ,  tragic .   # pussyking
2	Lets cook .   # BreakingBad  # Heisenberg  # WalterWhite 
2	The idea of Snapchat is to look ugly and be stupid ,  not to try hard to look your best .  Thats why theres a time limit
2	 @ JCG _ AZ _ is Lucky you !  I know ,  Im not quite sure what hes doing with his hair
2	My brother dressed up the Santa last night .  He has serious issues  # badsanta 
2	Tom Hanks has been diagnosed with type 2 diabetes .  So what ?  All he has to do is change his diet
2	The amount of tweets Ive seen wishing there was an app for preventing drunk texts .  Theres a solution ,  its called not being so stupid . 
2	I hope you fall over and graze your knee
2	 @ Louisp56 I dont know but theyre very comfy
2	 " Carry Me "  by Bombay Bicycle Club  (  @ BombayBicycle )  is so good .  Cant wait for the album in February
2	Me and my boys looking dapper as ever last night .  
2	Had the scariest experience of my life tonight .  Ate at a French restaurant in London with no lights at all .  Like a blind person experience
2	Wish I could tell people how stupid they are without being hated for it
2	 @ itsthedarcys Youre welcome guys ,  keep being awesome
2	 @ OllieeeR Yep .  Now the update is out ,  I can start making Cydia tweaks of my own
2	Just started watching  # BreakingBad today .  Its brilliant ! 
2	 @ MrA1Ross Its just a matter of being able to send / receive media and then my responsibility to follow the rules of time limits ,  etc . 
2	 @ alexerax Hey ,  can I get the C #  Snapchat API now please ? 
2	The alarm on my piece of shit iPhone didnt go off this morning .  Im in shit now
2	 @ JosieSiana Really ?  !  Why are some fathers such wankers .  . 
2	I want to go to more house parties .  I need more friends
2	Ive created a shoe made out of Lego ,  so when you step on Lego it doesnt hurt .  You just get taller
2	Wish I had a good iPhone app idea to develop
2	 @ 0xRyan Not entirely sure yet bud
2	Just been on a diabetes awareness website and it asked me if I accept cookies .  Is that a trick question ? 
2	 @ TherealSywatson Yeah it was sunny when we departed from London Gatwick .  Saying that ,  Ive still managed to get sunburnt here already ! 
2	I need to calm down on swearing .  Its fucking awful
2	Big Cheese Friday at Hippodrome is so so shit .  Terrible night
2	For all those interested in jailbreaking iOS 7 ,  I strongly advise doing it now before Apple release an iOS update soon to prevent it . 
2	 @ Oliviaa _  _ Gracee is the best girlfriend ever .  She got me a flying lesson for Christmas .  Best present ever ! 
2	Left Barbados and am in St . Vincent for the remaining 8 days .  Good to be back at Buccament Bay  @ BuccBayResort
2	 @ VoteMessum Hahaha I love you mate
2	 @ Louisp56 I got to look around an A380 in its hangar .  Incredible plane
2	 # ReasonsToSmile  -  One Direction .  Lol jk ,  dont be silly . 
2	Its not about where you are on New Years Eve ,  its about how drunk you get .   # alcoholic
2	I love how the Sky Christmas movie channel play Elf then Bad Santa after .  Thats some age rating transition
2	Hate slow replies and being ignored
2	 # ReasonsToSmile  -  Free shit
2	Sinéad OConnors open letter to Miley Cyrus .  Its about time someone said something .  Very well said too  -  
2	If you want to set up a company and run it then thats your business
2	 @ nart1s Of course were going inside .  My mums friend owns the hangar
2	Without my friends ,  family and girlfriend ,  I wouldnt be half the person I am today .  Very grateful for them all
2	I feel like the only person who doesnt like FIFA
2	 @ melperkovich Connected to Snapchats servers and made my own requests .  Im thinking about publicly releasing a Snapchat client for PC  & amp ;  Mac
2	Loving the EP by  @ aauthorsmusic .  Looking forward to the album and hope they perform in London sometime
2	Going to a party in Kensington tonight .  I dont think my body can tolerate any more alcohol
2	ITV are coming here to the resort tomorrow to film something for This Morning .  My future acting career is just hours away now .  . 
2	Want several followers like I have ?  Use these easy tips :  
2	Not looking forward to winter .  Worst time of the year  # FuckWinter
2	 @ Sublime _ Sophism The song  " Crystal "  is something my nan listens to !  Theyve tried something new and its failed
2	If a girl considers McDonalds or KFC an acceptable date ,  marry her
2	This random tweet is brought to you by boredom .   # bored
2	 @ p3restroika Why the jailbreak wasnt beta tested with  @ saurik first Ill never know .  Its pointless without his contribution
2	 @ Matchyy5 Thank you Ryan  :  ) 
2	I fucking hate Halloween
2	 @ gertyzig Thank you Sally
2	 @ LouisEggenton I know ,  it was a joke
2	 @ melperkovich Im home now back in the freezing cold .  Its great to be home though
2	Off to Pinewood Studios tonight to see 8 Out Of 10 Cats again
2	The new Twitter 6 . 0 update for iPhone is great .  A much easier to access design with great new features .   # impressed  # geek
2	 @ melperkovich Why didnt you just say that then retard  ;  )  No I dont ,  I have an Xbox
2	Hippodrome in Kingston tonight  # saturdaysessions
2	 @ alexerax  @ rbin Yes please Alex .  Credit to you will be given ,  of course
2	I always love hearing how my software satisfies people .  Its a great feeling
2	 @ hollymoran _  Hey loser
2	 @ Veryshahzy its not bad if you dont mind people getting drunk haha
2	 @ melperkovich Haha ,  whys that ? 
2	My 86 year old nan just tried a Jägermeister shot for the first time .  I love my nan ,  shes awesome
2	 @ Oliviaa _  _ Gracee I love you
2	Watching American Football Live at Wembley .  Come on 49ers !   # Channel4
2	I just had dinner next to Paul McKenna the English hypnotist .  My holiday at  @ BuccBayResort just gets better by the day . 
2	John McAfee ,  the founder of McAfee Antivirus ,  is hillarious .  Watch this video of him :   
2	Drinking tea and making iPhone apps .  Not the most exciting way to spend your Friday evening .   # boring
2	I cant see those guns made on 3D printers catching on .  If HP make the cartridges ,  it will be cheaper buying an AK - 47
2	Theres an app that tells you which one of your friends is stupid .  Its called Facebook
2	Wish my mates didnt like FIFA .  I hate being at this stupid midnight launch
2	 @ p3restroika Yeah me too .  If theres any tech meetups going ,  we should go .  We need to meet up sometime ,  missing you bud
2	Too many people suffer with bitching disorder  # sortitout
2	Just two months and two days until Bombay Bicycle Clubs new album is released .  The only thing Im looking forward to in 2014
2	Apple just quoted me £17 . 25 for my good condition 32GB iPhone 5 .  Id rather saw my balls off with the iPhone than sell it for that price
2	About to depart from London Gatwick to Barbados .  Goodbye England
2	Theres thunder and lightning so close to my house ,  it was bloody loud .  I almost pooed myself
2	A380 at Heathrow Airport .  Such an incredible plane  # Airbus  # LHR 
2	 # gogglebox has to be the be the best TV programme going .  Its too funny
2	 @ maisie _ wagland Now were talking  ;  ) 
2	 @  _ shutupmegg Its so awesome !  Ending sucks though
2	Just took a diabetes test and I am at no risk of getting it .  Great news ,  but what about my type 1 diabetes that Ive had for almost 2 years ? 
2	Saying youve got diarrhoea is the best excuse to get out of something .  No one will question you .   # tipoftheday
2	 # nationalbestfriendday was on the 8th June .  Bit late people .  . 
2	Tottenham vs Chelsea .  Should be an interesting game  # THFC  # COYS
2	I fancy a cheeky KFC  # hungry
2	Feeling inventive today
2	 @ p3restroika The signal and internet speeds were incredible as it should be haha
2	Going to look at an Airbus A380 at Heathrow Airport next week .  Cant wait ! 
2	I will be up nice and early Wednesday morning to purchase pre - sale tickets for  @ BombayBicycles tour next March .  Cant wait ! 
2	Your body is a weapon ,  love
2	Its Christmas Eve and I still am not the slightest bit bothered about Christmas .  Apart from the food ,  of course .   # miserable
2	Most people are being a zombie for Halloween .  How boring
2	 @ DaiDavey Yes please ! 
2	My mum got my brother an iPhone 5S for his birthday so I wrapped up a BlackBerry instead .  He was so relieved to get the 5S after
2	Girls are more attractive when they smile
2	 @ OllieeeR iPhone 5  -  iOS 7 . 0 . 4
2	 @ melperkovich I have no idea what that is
2	So a passenger was forced to land a plane after the pilot fell ill at the controls .  Ryanair have charged the passenger for his seat upgrade
2	Happy New Year everyone and lets hope for a non - bitching 2014 .  Now drink up and have a very very messy drunk night
2	Got my nan a chicken burger from KFC the other day .  After ,  she said  " that was a lovely fish burger "  .  What have you been smoking nan ?  ! 
2	 " Americans invented Twitter and Facebook "   -  Yeah but we invented the Internet  ( World Wide Web )  ,  just saying .   # AmericansvsBritish
2	Release The Hounds is such a great TV show .   # ITV2  # Halloween
2	“ @ Charly _ Mee :  If Im not off my tits by 10pm tonight Ill be upset very upset” Thats the attitude I like to hear  # goodgirl
2	At long last ,  an iOS 7 untethered jailbreak is out for all devices  # happygeek
2	So disappointed to hear  @ tribesband are splitting up .  They are an outstanding band .   # goodbye
2	 @ milliecooperr I cant see that becoming popular haha
