5	Just made a movie of my  # 2013memories on Twitter :  
5	Why dont giraffes do drugs ?  Because theyre naturally high
5	Arsenal will be lucky to get out of that group  # UEFA  # ChampionsLeagueDraw  # UCLdraw
5	picked up a small bird .  I was expecting it to fly away ,  but it just sat there . 
5	Without deviation from the norm progress is not possible . 
5	stair lifts drive old people up the wall
5	A new type of broom came out ,  its sweeping the nation . 
5	What do you call an expensive circumcision ?  A bloody rip - off
5	Google Reportedly in Talks With NFL to Show Games on YouTube 
5	 " Bisexuality doubles your chances of a date on Saturday night .  "   -  Woody Allen
5	joke :  Ever had sex while camping ?  Its fucking in tents . 
5	joke :  Have you guys ever been to 
5	My internet addiction is so bad its alt of ctrl . 
5	a photon checks into a hotel .  The bellboy asks  " Can I help you with your luggage ?  "  it replies  ,   " I dont have any .  Im travelling light .  " 
5	 @ debbiejonesx theres no point crying over soya milk .  Sorry couldnt help myself . 
5	What lies in a pram and wobbles ?   A jelly baby  # crackerjokes
5	How do you find Will Smith in the snow ?  Look for fresh prints . 
5	Jingle all the way .  Nobody likes a half - assed jingler . 
5	dyslexics have more fnu
5	using chromosomes in advertising because you know ,  sex cells . 
5	What cereals do cats like ?   Mice Crispies  # crackerjokes
5	a man was hospitalized with six plastic horses inside him .  The doctor described his condition as stable . 
5	dont date tennis players Love means nothing to them . 
5	 @ Patriots Kenbrell Thompkins outstanding . 
5	loving  # educatingyorkshire Bailey could be a future television star .  and Hadiqa is beautiful .   # Channel4Documentaries  # channel4
5	The Braille Superstore .  Thousands of Braille products ,  many of which youve never seen before . 
5	Einstein developed a theory about space .  And it was about time too
5	I did it to forget ,  and now I dont remember . 
5	Come on Brady stop missing the easy completions .  The first half was a joke .    # CLEvsNE
5	What do you get if you cross a chicken with a cement mixer ?   A brick - layer  # crackerjokes
5	an apple a day will keep anyone away ,  if thrown hard enough . 
5	rules are for the obedience of fools and the guidance of wise men . 
5	How do monkeys make toast ?   Stick some bread under the gorilla  # crackerjokes
5	A classics professor goes to a tailor to get his trousers mended .  The tailor asks :  “Euripides ? ” The professor replies :  “Yes .  Eumenides ? ”
5	Cards Against Humanity :  The best hands ever played in the hilarious card game  -  Guyism 
5	stalking is when two people go for a long romantic walk together but only one of them knows about it . 
5	why is the world full of Rosalines . 
5	What’s the best thing about Alzheimer’s disease ?  You get to meet new people every day . 
5	a girl told me my looks were average ,  I told her thats just mean
5	Customer :  can I have a 3 way select meal please .  Funniest moment all day .   # mcdonalds  # customer
5	Did you hear about the blind circumsiser ?  He got the sack . 
5	feeling heavy  :  ) 
5	turning the other cheek isnt such a good idea if youre trying to quit BDSM .  
5	I usually take steps to avoid elevators . 
5	When I heard that oxygen and magnesium hooked up I was like OMg . 
5	Im liking my five day beard ,  makes me feel manly .  But I have to be clean shaven for work  # FirstWorldProblems
5	Why is Europe like a frying pan ?   Because it has Greece at the bottom  # crackerjokes
5	I love the satisfaction you get when you click a pen . it just feels right . 
5	Whats the last thing each tickle - me - elmo doll gets before leaving the factory ?   Two test tickles
5	what do you give a man who has everything ?  Antibiotics .  # crackerjokes
5	Complexity and Variables I like these words
5	I did a theatrical performance about puns .  Really it was just a play on words . 
5	How do you hire a horse ?   Stand it on four bricks  # crackerjokes
5	 " Knowing when to fight is just as important as knowing how .  " 
5	What are the small rivers that run into the Nile ?   The juve - niles  # crackerjokes
5	who are you ?  and how did you get in here ?  Im a locksmith and Im a locksmith . 
5	have you heard about the knew drug for lesbians ?  Trycoxagain
5	23 signs youre secretly an introvert 
5	Tetris 
5	Jesus Christ walks into a hotel .  He hands the innkeeper three nails ,  and he asks .  .  .  Can you put me up for the night ? 
5	Id love to tell you a chemistry joke but all the good ones argon . 
5	Look around your world Pretty Baby ,  Is it everything you hoped itd be ,  The wrong guy ,  The wrong situation . 
5	my spice rack is incomplete ,  I dont have the thyme to fill it . 
5	I wanted to hire a marsupial butler .  But none of the applicants were koala - fied . 
5	 @ amyclarkefilms agreed
5	 @ Charllw congratulations . 
5	r / Jokes :  I saw this advert in a window that said :  “Television for sale ,  £1 ,  volume stuck on full . ” I thought .  .  .  .  .  “I can’t turn that down . ”
5	F #  * k Christmas I hate it and new years thats a load of rubbish too .  I hope the 25th will pass by like any other Wednesday
5	Printer name :  Bob Marley .  Reason :  keeps jammin Dont worry about the ink ,  cause everything you print is going to be all white . 
5	Elliott Wragg Showreel 2013 :  
5	 @ Patriots in Brady we trust .  That was amazing . 
5	It would be really funny to see a woman pirate .  Wooden tit ? 
5	good luck  @ debbiejonesx
5	acupuncturists are back stabbers
5	We cannot change the cards we are dealt ,  just how we play the hand . 
5	were told to not judge books by their covers .  But Im in charge of a book cover competition and all the entries suck .   # firstworldproblems
5	stupid injured knee ,  I want to train .  instead I have to rest . 
