45	Finished Naomis Room by Jonathan Aycliffe .  For the first 3 / 4 ,  one of the scariest things Ive read ,  but then descended into Grand Guignol . 
45	 @ wyrmis True ;  sometimes hes definitely writing this stuff  " in character "  but it can slip into his story notes too ,  which is unfortunate . 
45	 @ BrendanNMoody  .  .  .  but Amazon UK didnt have in stock last week when somebody desperately asked me what I wanted for Xmas .  .  . 
45	 @ BrendanNMoody Ive been meaning to read more Crisp for a while now .  I did want the collection with story you recommended ,   ( Ynys - y - Plag ?  )  .  .  . 
45	 @ BrendanNMoody Im getting Quentin S .  Crisps Defeated Dogs tomorrow for Xmas .  Im really looking forward to delving into that . 
45	 @ memizon If you email me the basic details of the other cases ,  I can at least forward them to her  & amp ;  ask if she might be able to dig up more . 
45	 @ memizon I do have a Russian friend who works for NBC .  Shes too busy interviewing Pussy Riot just now ,  but I may try to spark her interest ! 
45	 @ memizon Yes ,  Ive been noticing this !  I read a bit about Russian ghost trains recently but couldnt get much further in English reports . 
45	 @ BrendanNMoody  .  .  . communicated the voice of those alienated from mainstream society so very well . 
45	 @ BrendanNMoody Absolutely .  It seems like a failure of empathy ,  which is particularly jarring because ,  as you say ,  in his heyday ,  he .  .  . 
45	 @ memizon  .  . of my favourite Fortean cases !  Its a bit over - familiar now but when I first read of it ,  it was very exciting ! 
45	 @ memizon Ah ,  very intriguing .  Ill definitely be interested in learning more if you find further details .  The Dylatov Pass was always one .  .  . 
45	 @ memizon  .  .  . occurs a lot in Russia ,  or is it a legend - type which says something particular about the Russian psyche ? 
45	 @ memizon Ooh really ?  Id be interested in some pointers towards those ?  But does that mean the Dylatov Pass incident is something which .  .  . 
45	 @ BrendanNMoody But mostly its just a couple of sentences ,  without forming the thrust of the plot itself . 
45	 @ BrendanNMoody Yes ,  I found Respects very problematic ,  especially as the right wing in the UK are using that mentality to scapegoat the poor
45	 @ wyrmis Although in nearly every story you do have to overlook a little bit of griping about how young people these days have no respect .  .  . 
45	 @ wyrmis Thats the thing -  - there are some predictable stories amongst them ,  but when he still hits the spot ,  nobody else can touch him . 
45	 @ BrendanNMoody And ,  as the example of Getting It Wrong possibly proves ,  RC does at least seem to have some self - awareness regarding it . 
45	 @ BrendanNMoody Fortunately ,  theres no story where the tendency is quite as noticeable as it in Respects in Holes for Faces . 
45	 @ BrendanNMoody Yes ,  this collects his short stories from 2006 onwards ,  so that sounds about right .  Its definitely there . 
45	Finished Holes For Faces ,  Ramsey Campbells latest short fiction collection .  As strong as ever ,  but for a jarring hint of fuddy - duddyism . 
45	 @ AnthroGhost Thank you so much !  Ill be able to explain my project more fully by email so Ill send you a DM with my address . 
45	 @ thefirth Not sure yet ;  I need to communicate with Kathryn .  Ill throw you a text later if I am . 
45	As leader of Britains first republic ,  Cromwell was a bitter disappointment ;  but one thing he got right was banning this Christmas bollocks . 
45	 @ AnthroGhost  .  .  . if youd be kind enough to let me consult a copy ?  It may be germane to something Im writing on ghost - hunting  & amp ;  ostension . 
45	 @ AnthroGhost Splendid !  I found it listed via Open Access Theses but I dont seem to be able to download it from IDEAL .  Thus I wondered .  .  . 
45	 @ AdamScovell Oh well ,  I shall bide my time until the next occasion on which the pay - wall goes down ! 
45	 @ AdamScovell Ah ,  thats a shame .  Did it appear it the print edition ?  I think my local library should still have them for the last week . 
45	 @ Aqualung666 I think youll find that the only person being exploited with regard to those books is me ! 
45	 @ wyrmis Oh ,  thats excellent news .  I hadnt actually realised the e - editions had been published in the US too . 
45	 @ kittyharker Cheers ,  you too ! 
45	 @ kittyharker Thanks for the retweet ! 
45	 @ AdamScovell Is there any other way to read this ?  Id very much like to but cant afford to pay a months subscription for a single article . 
45	As its almost Yule ,  I suppose I should point out that I have some books out .  Theyre about folklore and such .  
45	 @ DrBeachcombing BTW ,  if youre looking for an  " archetypal "  Aickman story to start with ,  try The Inner Room ,  Ravissante or The Hospice . 
45	 @ DrBeachcombing Youre welcome ;  I hope you find much to enjoy ! 
45	 @ DrBeachcombing He deals more with the unconscious and dream - logic ,  rather like a mid - C20th and very English David Lynch . 
45	 @ DrBeachcombing No ,  barely any .  I suppose Bind Your Hair or The Stains could be analysed in such terms ,  but its certainly not explicit . 
45	 @ DrBeachcombing Oh yes ,  theyre very much worthwhile .   " Horror "  doesnt quite describe his tales ;  rather ,  theyre  " weird "  in a unique way . 
45	 @ AnthroGhost Hello ,  I was wondering if you were the same Michele Hanks who wrote the thesis ,   " Between belief and science "  ? 
45	 @ jeremyindie Oh ,  you have much to look forward to then !  And dont forget The Grateful Dead  ;  -  ) 
45	 @ jeremyindie but I also suspect that the nihilism of those albums also means theyre seen as  " cooler "  by many . 
45	 @ jeremyindie Glad youre enjoying it  :  )  I imagine Loaded gets underrated because it wasnt as seminal as their earlier stuff ,  which is true , 
45	 @ jeremyindie Many people regard it as the weakest VU album  ( with Reed anyway )  but its always been my favourite because it is so optimistic . 
45	 @ Jeffman1 Yes ,  I often even prefer it .  And I think the best books of the Merrily series are Rickmans best books altogether . 
45	 @ Jeffman1 Although the supernatural elements ,  whilst still much to the fore ,  become more ambiguous than the outright horror of e . g .  December
45	 @ Jeffman1 Nor me usually ,  but in this case I think it allows a depth  & amp ;  exploration of character which just intensifies the individual plots . 
45	 @ Jeffman1 Oh ,  I envy you all that reading pleasure to come !  The Merrily series ,  with its running characters ,  becomes particularly absorbing . 
45	 @ Jeffman1 Which book are you up to ?  Ive only got his latest one left to read now ,  so Im forcing myself to save it for a rainy day . 
45	 @ Jeffman1 I hope you enjoy it as much as I did .  It has its flaws but its strengths are powerful and unique enough to compensate entirely . 
45	So I watched Robin Redbreast last night and once again Im reduced to impotent fury at the fact that nobody makes TV like that anymore . 
45	Everyones favourite apostle of wonder ,  Arthur Machen ,  died sixty - six years ago today .  Omnia exeunt in mysterium and so forth . 
45	 @ jeremyindie  .  .  . New Years gig seem to be a tradition for plenty of bands . 
45	 @ jeremyindie It always baffles me how live music virtually stops over the festive season in Britain .  In the US ,  special Christmas and .  .  . 
45	Finished reading The Moon Will Look Strange by Lynda E .  Rucker .  A strikingly consummate debut collection ,  with hints of Aickman  & amp ;  Rasnic Tem
45	 @ JamesDFirth  @ thefirth Im glad youre such a fan of our work ,  Jim . 
45	 @ thefirth Ill send you a text as soon as Ive worked out which room I left my phone in .  .  . 
45	 @ thefirth Leeds ,  you mean .  I suppose thats some consolation .  Plus it was mostly Kathryns thing ,  although I quite enjoy his stuff too . 
45	Bah .  I was going to go see Kurt Vile in Manchester tonight but Im just feeling too unwell .  Oh well ,  Im sure there will be another chance . 
45	 @ temple _ wood Pendas Fen ! 
45	 @ temple _ wood Cheers !  Im looking forward to the film immensely . 
45	 @ jeremyindie Cheers ,  it does seem appropriate !  Im enjoying it very much ,  especially after all the delivery hassle I had receiving it . 
45	It comes as no surprise to find that Goats new live album is a face - melting voodoo - psych invocation of monstrous proportions . 
45	 @ Madeley  @ dyddgu Oh ,  thats lucky .  Calderdale Libraries charge £7 . 50 .  It still works out much cheaper than a purchase ,  but its a bit steep . 
45	 @ betterwithsquid Congratulations !  I shall look forward to reading your thesis when it gets uploaded to EThOS .  .  .   ;  ) 
45	 @ Madeley  @ dyddgu Many thanks ,  thats very much appreciated !  Although at £35 ,  Im once again immensely grateful for inter - library loans . 
45	 @ AdamScovell Oh ,  I cant wait to read that ! 
45	 @ Hard _ Vinyl _ 72 Cheers sir ! 
45	 @ Madeley  .  .  . the Book of Taliesin ?  The internet is proving remarkably unhelpful on the matter and the 1858 Skene edition is long out of date . 
45	 @ Madeley BTW ,  regarding Welsh language help ,  I dont suppose you know whats currently regarded as the definitive English translation of .  .  . 
45	 @ Madeley Ha !  I can imagine him now ,  strutting his way through the Abbots Bromley Horn Dance .  .  . 
45	Oh ,  the joys of Lewis Spences Minor Traditions of British Mythology .  A bit too Frazerian in itself ,  but a bottomless well of inspiration . 
45	After being impressed by Window in The Weird ,  I tracked down a rare collection of Bob Lemans fiction .  Powerful stuff .  Loob is heartrending . 
45	The new song by Simone Felice is rather good ,  but I cant help feeling itd be even better if Simi ,  Bobby and the Deacon were involved . 
45	 @ Aqualung666 Just like Halloween during my childhood !  Although Im sure you didnt charge a tenner then -  - thats half my fee ! 
45	 @ Aqualung666 Thankfully the elements werent too bad for the duration ;  just a brief hail spell towards the end .  But yes ,  it was atmospheric ! 
45	 @ Aqualung666 It went well ,  thanks .  Twenty people and they all seemed to enjoy themselves .  Ill probably do it again at some point . 
45	 @ RebeccaLegg  @ hebdenblog I shall .  Ive certainly been practicing my dramatic .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  . pauses . 
45	 @ hebdenblog  @ RebeccaLegg Cheers  :  )  Its the first walk Ive led ,  so a bit nerve wracking ,  but Im looking forward to it . 
45	 @ RebeccaLegg  @ hebdenblog Thanks for the retweets ! 
45	 @ jeremyindie Thanks for the  # FF yesterday ,  Jeremy  :  ) 
45	So this afternoon I shall be leading a ghost walk around Brighouse .  The event starts at 3pm outside St .  Martins Church and tickets cost £6 . 
45	 @ MuseumofBritish Any notion of how it differs from  " Pagan Religions of the Ancient British Isles "  ?  Is it just an update or a major revision ? 
45	 @ joclende Yes ,  very unsavoury .  Looks like he joins Heidegger ,  Lovecraft etc .  on the list of ethically dubious thinkers whove influence me . 
45	 @ joclende Really ?  I wasnt aware of that .  Its sad that those who can penetrate truths in one sphere can be utterly deluded in others . 
45	Im sorry to hear Colin Wilson has died .  He talked a lot of nonsense sometimes ,  but we need such figures in the interests of heterodoxy . 
45	Ive just received my copy of Diableries :  Stereoscopic Adventures In Hell .  Truly a thing of astonishing beauty .  
45	 @ fooki52 Absolutely .  Its a pity we dont know anything more about his visit .  Im sure much psychgeographical speculation can be had though ! 
45	 @ jeremyindie Oh ,  Im sure ;  I cant wait to combine it with some intoxicants of the mycological variety ! 
45	 @ jeremyindie Ooh ,  I forgot that was out this week .  I must acquire it forthwith !  Id love to see a show too ,  but so far only London dates . 
45	Im far too pleased to discover that the 16th Century Halifax antiquarian ,  Sir Henry Savile ,  was a friend of Dr .  Dee in his later years . 
45	It irks me that  " Haunted Bradford "  already exists ,  as I would write a very different version  & amp ;  there just isnt a market for two such books . 
45	 @ Madeley Itd be a start ,  but if people actually dressed up as said goblins ,  and chased children through the streets ,  that would be better . 
45	 @ vapple78 Oh ,  Im sure theres no shortage of merchandising opportunities ! 
45	I suspect I would find the interminable tide of Christmas nonsense so much more tolerable if we celebrated Krampusnacht in Britain . 
45	This paper on the psychogeography of alternative country music is surely one of the most hipsterish things I have ever read . 
45	Relieved to hear that Bradford Local Studies Library is finally reopening this month ,  after more than two years of council incompetence . 
45	 @ wyrmis Well ,  if Mr .  Valentine wants to send me free review copies of his future books ,  Ill happily oblige him with some more such quotes ! 
45	Among the many joys of reading Mark Valentines work is being sent scurrying to a dictionary to look up the exquisite archaism he just used . 
45	All folklorists and forteans need to invest in the new book by  @ shuclarke ,  Scared to Death  & amp ;  Other Ghost Stories from Victorian Sheffield . 
45	According to the man himself ,  Phil Lesh  & amp ;  Friends will play London next year .  Its about bloody time .  And hed better bring a decent lineup . 
45	 @ memizon Happily the remnants of this cold are the only excuse I need at the moment !   ;  ) 
45	 @ memizon That wasnt amongst this collection .  I may investigate it once Ive got the taste of saccharine out of my mouth ! 
45	At last ,  Ive found an issue on which I agree with S . T .  Joshi :  namely that Russell Kirk is a moralising bore who wrote trite ghost stories . 
45	 @ Aqualung666 The Imago Sequence ,  The Broadsword ,  Catch Hell ,  Blackwoods Baby and Hand of Glory are all worth reading too . 
45	 @ Aqualung666 The ones Ive mentioned are all short novella length  ( as are most )  ,  which personally I think is the perfect length for horror . 
45	 @ Aqualung666 Mysterium Tremundum in Occultation and The Men From Porlock in The Beautiful Thing .  Theyre the other  " core texts "  ,  as it were . 
45	 @ Aqualung666 I think Occultation is the strongest overall ,  but all contain Old Leech stories -  - theres Hallucigenia in The Imago Sequence  & amp ; 
45	 @ Aqualung666 Perhaps it has more impact if youve read the whole Old Leech  " mythos "  Barron has created over his short story collections . 
45	 @ Aqualung666 The Croning is a masterpiece of contemporary Lovecraftian horror ,  Simon .  If you think otherwise ,  youre a very lone voice ! 
45	Mother of Stone by John Langan scared the shit out of me last night .  And I read a lot of this sort of stuff ,  so Im usually pretty jaded . 
45	 @ Hard _ Vinyl _ 72 Totally agree .  Ive been trying to write a song that has the quality of Dragonfly since I was about 12 . 
45	 @ jeremyindie Anyway ,  Im glad you enjoyed Jonathan Wilson .  Im already looking forward to the next time ! 
45	 @ jeremyindie I know the feeling .  Once ,  a few years ago ,  I went to gigs on five consecutive nights .  I dont think Ive ever been so weary . 
45	 @ jeremyindie I hope you had a good gig .  Im still vibrating from last night ! 
45	 @ Madeley It is indeed .  I just worry that as a grown adult ,  with the power to buy my own Buttercup Syrup at any time ,  I may develop a habit . 
45	The only good thing about having a cold is Buttercup Syrup .  I could honestly drink it for pleasure .  It must be the capsicum and ginger . 
45	Pleasing trivia :  William Hartnells first acting role was in 1925 with Frank Bensons company ,  with whom Arthur Machen toured from 1901 - 10 . 
45	 @ jeremyindie Excellent !  Hopefully then itll be two magnificent nights in a row ,  which is always wonderful ! 
45	 @ jeremyindie He played a two hour plus set ,   & amp ;  whilst previously his willowy voice could get lost in the mix ,  the sound was spot on tonight . 
45	 @ jeremyindie Third time Ive seen him and no doubt the best ,  even though the previous occasions have been exceptional ! 
45	 @ jeremyindie Cheers !  I shall give you a report afterwards ,  but I have no doubt that hell be phenomenal . 
45	Going to see my current musical hero ,  Jonathan Wilson ,  in Leeds tonight ,  for the second time this year .  Cosmic canyon rock awaits ! 
45	Im giving a talk on the folklore of Robin Hoods Grave at half past ten this morning in Huddersfield Central Library ,  if anybodys about . 
45	 @ satonatuffet Dont worry ,  I think thats allowed !  Greetings to you too  :  -  ) 
45	 @ wyrmis I hadnt ,  but Im just reading about them now ,  and they sound quite interesting ,  as well as it being an appropriate career for him . 
45	 @ wyrmis Excellent .  I shall keep my eye out .  .  . 
45	 @ wyrmis Now that is good news  ( r . e .  Dunsany )  !  At least Joshi is finally doing some good  ;  -  ) 
45	 @ wyrmis I think the news has only just come to light in the last couple of hours ,  so I assume PS were just promoting them after the WFA win . 
45	 @ wyrmis And hed only just won the World Fantasy Award for Where the Furnace Burn ,  an utterly unique occult detective collection . 
45	 @ wyrmis Yes ,  hes been around longer than it seems ,  but I dont think a cause of death has been established yet ,  so it may be a freak thing . 
45	Im very saddened to hear that the author Joel Lane has died .  One of Britains most original voices working in the realm of weird fiction . 
45	Jason Isbell  & amp ;  Amanda Shires were magnificent in many ways tonight ,  but possibly the best moment was an obscure Warren Zevon cover . 
45	Excited to see Jason Isbell in Manchester tonight .  Ive never seen him before  & amp ;  Southeastern has proved one of my favourite albums of 2013 . 
45	 @ Gollancz Is the Blood / Fabulous Harbours / War Amongst the Angels sequence going to be included in this latest programme of reissues ? 
45	 @ wyrmis And of course theyve published great content lately too ,  with collections by Mark Valentine ,  John Howard ,  R . B .  Russell  & amp ;  Peter Bell
45	Any weird fiction fans whove never ordered from  @ SwanRiverPress should rectify that .  Gorgeous editions  & amp ;  exceptional customer relations ! 
45	 @ Aqualung666 I havent settled on the exact route yet ,  but its definitely going to convene by St .  Martins church . 
45	 @ Aqualung666 Ha !  Fortunately though its going to be a late afternoon event ,  before the rowdies usually overrun the streets . 
45	 @ HalifaxSlasher Cheers .  Im not sure if Ill be able to make it yet -  - Ill have to confer with my GF first -  - but Ill let you know if I do . 
45	 @ HalifaxSlasher Ooh ,  no ,  I hadnt ;  many thanks for the heads up ! 
45	Ive just agreed to lead a ghost walk around Brighouse on December 7th as part of the towns Victorian Christmas Festival .  Should be fun ! 
45	 @ annatwigg Im surprised I came across them so late as Im a huge acid - folk head .  They dont seem to be talked about nearly enough . 
45	 @ annatwigg Great stuff .  I only discovered them last week and Im rapidly becoming obsessed . 
45	 @ wyrmis Its well worth it ;  it reminds me a lot of Charles L .  Grants  " quiet horror "  .  Langans still on my  " to read "  list too . 
45	 @ tremolo _  Yes ,  I hadnt thought of that before ,  but youre right .  Its philosophical concerns are pretty mature . 
45	Finished North American Lake Monsters by Nathan Ballingrud .  Beautifully characterised ,  whilst cleverly reinventing some familiar tropes . 
45	 @ tremolo _  Exactly how I feel !  Although for some reason ,  I never liked The Green Death when I young ,  despite rating it highly now . 
45	 @ tremolo _  Yes ,  an abiding fault of the Pertwee era is the number of padded out stories .  The four - parters feel so much tauter by comparison . 
45	 @ tremolo _  Another of my favourite Pertwee stories that .  One of the few classic series scripts to explore the implications of time travel . 
45	 @ djshengus Not enough clearly !  Ive rarely seen them mentioned  & amp ;  might never have heard them had I not been on an obsessive acid - folk binge . 
45	Just heard An Evening with Dando Shaft for the first time .  Wow ,  wow ,  wow !  Why do acid - folk heads not shout their name from the hilltops ? 
45	 @ AdamScovell Yes ,  its gloriously deranged  & amp ;  utterly savage .  Im always surprised that many critics seem to regard it as a low for Anderson . 
45	 @ Aqualung666 Oh ,  I know that ,  but they still felt a bit limp ,  even on their own terms .  And sadly there were no strong chemicals to be had . 
45	 @ Aqualung666 I seem to recall that they did ,  although I was very drunk and its all a bit hazy .  They were a bit flaccid ,  to be honest . 
45	 @ Aqualung666 Frankly if there arent any drugs ,  I will be disappointed .  .  . 
45	Going to see The Orb in Hebden Bridge tonight .  Its not the sort of gig I would usually attend so I really have no idea what to expect . 
45	Steeleye Spans acapella cover of Rave On by Buddy Holly is providing me with a great deal of pleasure at the moment :  
45	 @ Lines _ Landscape  @ Landscapism Theres an interesting article on the writing of it in the current issue of PsypressUK :  
45	Cant believe Ive polished off Reggie Olivers new collection ,  Flowers of the Sea ,  already .  I need to learn about deferred gratification . 
45	 @ djshengus And now I read that Steve Kimocks playing with them instead ,  who bores me senseless .  Thats not fair at all  :  ( 
45	 @ djshengus Bah ,  I hadnt read that !  Thats a shame .  When I say they were my favourite ,  I was mostly thinking of Mark Karans guitar work . 
45	Pleased to read that Bob Weir is re - uniting Ratdog .  They were always my favourite post - Jerry band  & amp ;  not just because they toured in the UK . 
45	 @ tremolo _  But Ive always thought that if the BBC make a cinematic film ,  then he should play the Doctor in it . 
45	 @ tremolo _  At least we got to see him with a sympathetic production team .  I still suspect that a  " Philip Segal era "  was a bullet dodged . 
45	 @ tremolo _  I also really liked the touch of using the image of a young John Hurt at the end .  Plus I want to re - watch The Brain of Morbius . 
45	 @ tremolo _  Yes ,  it never felt gratuitous and really brought it home what a loss from our screens a certain actor was . 
45	Im so glad I watched Night of the Doctor before checking Twitter today .  Apparently I can still get a thrill from unspoiled fan - wank . 
45	 @ The _ Hoopy _ Frood If only that had been filmed .  For now I shall just have to satisfy my craving by re - watching the early 80s BBC adaption . 
45	 @ The _ Hoopy _ Frood I saw a great Kabuki - esque Royal Shakespeare Company version about 15 years ago starring a very young Damian Lewis . 
45	 @ The _ Hoopy _ Frood I only discovered it because I was thinking earlier today  " I fancy seeing Cymbeline again "  .  This is not what I had in mind . 
45	 @ redskyatnight The fact that this is going to be the first ever cinematic adaptation just makes it even worse . 
45	 @ redskyatnight I know ,  its awful .  Of all Shakespeares plays ,  the fairytale - like Cymbeline must be least suited to a gritty modern milieu . 
45	 @ redskyatnight Apparently ,  its now  " a battle between dirty cops and a drug dealing biker gang set in a corruption - riddled C21st America "  .  .  . 
45	Ugh .  Just learnt the first film version of Cymbeline  ( one of my favourite Shakespeare plays )  is to be a  " modern retelling "  with Ethan Hawke . 
45	 @ Jeffman1 Thanks for retweeting ! 
45	 @ FrankTallis Yes ,  Ive always found the narrative structure one of its strengths .  It shouldve been included though for its influence alone . 
45	 @ FrankTallis Yes ,  Joshi seems to have great difficulty engaging successfully with either Machens worldview or his literary style . 
45	 @ FrankTallis He describes it as  " clumsy in construction "  ,   " stilted "  and  " a profound failure "  in one essay .  Theres no accounting for taste . 
45	 @ FrankTallis I gather that the editor ,  S . T .  Joshi ,  doesnt think much of it ,  despite its fame and influence . 
45	 @ weird _ prophet Thanks for retweeting ! 
45	 @ maximpetergriff Cheers  :  )  Im glad youre interested ! 
45	Dear lovely followers :  Im now also tweeting for Northern Earth Magazine as  @ Northern _ Earth Please follow ;  Im sure youll enjoy it . 
45	 @ tremolo _  Sorry ,  missed this last night ;  but yes ,  its a potent image .  Bascially ,  its Who doing folk horror and Dennis Wheatley .  Very well . 
45	 @ tremolo _  It devolves into a fairly standard Pertwee / UNIT runaround after that . 
45	 @ tremolo _  Ive always been slightly ambivalent towards the Third too .  Im a big fan of The Daemons though .  Or the first episode at least . 
45	Pop Matters review has finally identified who Band of Heathens new LP reminds me of :  Ozark Mountain Daredevils  ( in the best possible way )  . 
45	 @ MRJamesPodcast Hell no !  I could happily listen to you both discussing MRJ tales for hours on end . 
45	This afternoon ,  Ill be joining a discussion panel on Yorkshire folklore at Colours May Vary in Leeds .  Details here :  
45	 @ larkfall Absolutely ;  I may start making some notes for such a thing .  See you later on ! 
45	 @ larkfall Indeed ,  and even though its a terrible episode ,  Im now going to have to re - watch Volcano again so I can see it in context . 
45	 @ larkfall As someone who claims to be both a telefantasy  & amp ;  landscape nerd ,  I consider the fact I never noticed these highly embarrassing ! 
45	 @ larkfall Im also amazed to learn that Blakes 7 filmed at Thruscross Reservoir ,  Howstean Gorge and Greenhow Hill . 
45	 @ larkfall Yes ,  it was reading that which alerted me to the fact .  I havent reached the end yet ,  but I shall look forward to it ! 
45	Finished At Fears Altar by Richard Gavin .  Despite much acclaim ,  I was underwhelmed .  Some strong ideas but the execution didnt work for me . 
45	Excited to see Robert Lloyd Parry perform two M . R .  James tales  ( Canon Alberics Sbook  & amp ;  The Mezzotint )  at Square Chapel in Halifax tonight . 
45	 @ wyrmis Striding Edge is a fairly infamous arête but I didnt find it too fearsome myself .  Mind you ,  the elements were conducive that day . 
45	 @ HarrisonLordArt Yes ,  Id be very happy to help .  Send me an email at moths . galore @ gmail . com and we can discuss it further . 
45	 @ thefirth Luckily it hasnt sold out ,  so please obtain tickets posthaste !  
