21	BBC News  -  Second high - orbit launch for SpaceX 
21	 @ movingalong79 Thanks .  As bland as Frank Turner is .  At least he made sure he could perform .  Babyshambles just treat their fans as mugs . 
21	 @ philipjkelly  @ nineinchnails saw them a few years ago on a double bill with Jane Addiction .  Went in an Addictions fan ,  came out an NIN fan
21	 @ philipjkelly it looks like Friday .  Theres a link on the Cutty Sark website .  £32 each .  Expensive .  But  worth it .  You cant make it ? 
21	For the first time in years .  I feel like Ive done a proper days work .  Simply because weve been moving boxes and desks around . 
21	 @ philipjkelly its not a good time of year .  Surprised they didnt leave it until January
21	 @ iron _ ammonite lovely shot
21	Just got my ticket for what promises to be a great gig .  British Sea Power playing underneath the Cutty Sark . 
21	 @ philipjkelly Band Of Skulls .  Saw them a few times now .  Good live band
21	Despite seeing over 200 bands this year .  I know hardly any of the music on Christmas TOTP .  Im kind of proud of this fact . 
21	I think thats why Im struggling looking for a new job .  They just seem to be more of the same .  Time to think different . 
21	Great evening watching  @ BSPOfficial play at the Cutty Sark .  It was weird having a ship floating above my head . 
21	Another chain bites the dust with loss of 2000 of jobs  -  All Blockbuster UK stores to close by Christmas 
21	Person ranting at platform staff because somebody selfish had been hit  ( and killed )  by train causing suspension .   # potkettleblack
21	Re :  last tweet .  Do students understand contact hours ?  Surely its the quality of the contact thats important ,  not the quantity
21	 @ movingalong79 Apparently Stevenage were the worst team in 2013 
21	Really glad that the trains were messed up last night and I got home so late .  Luckily I don’t have a long ‘detail full’ meeting this morning
21	Qualcomm Employee :  64 - Bit A7 Chip Hit Us In The Gut 
21	Great infographic of the distribution wealth in the USA .  
21	Yahoo Introduces New Style Of Flickr Embeds To Seed Content Outside Of The Site 
21	Coursera Adds Another  $ 20M To Its Already Massive Series B 
21	Its December and its still t - short weather .  Even for a Teessider ,  thats unusual . 
21	New Music Monday :  Bowie EP ,  God Damn EP ,  Skinny Girl Diet iTunes EP .  Band of Skulls  ( Live )  ,  Ty Segall  & amp ;  the Mispers single
21	New Music Monday  -  Rough Trade CC2013 ,  Fat White Family ,  Toy  & amp ;  Parlour .  Not seen many interesting support bands recently .  So a quiet Monday
21	And breathe .  . 
21	Learning from past mistakes  -  “ @ engadget :  Microsoft giving a free game to owners of Xbox Ones with hardware problems 
21	 @ philipjkelly Ive already booked a days holiday .  Just in case
21	 @ philipjkelly rough trades email said they go on sale Friday .  Are they already on sale ? 
21	Nokia Had A Stunning Q3 In North America ,  With Device Volume Up 367 %  From Last Year  |  TechCrunch 
21	And breathe .  .  .  .  . 
21	 @ BSPOfficial playing underneath the Cutty Sark 
21	Innis and Gunn on tap .  Not bad
21	 @ MartinBown  @ BSPOfficial  @ philipjkelly  sound was surprisingly good and venue stunning .  BSP  -  good as always
21	New music Monday and it’s quiet this week .  Only PINS ,  Bleached and Royal Teeth . 
21	When the late running sound check .  Sounds good .  Should be a good night
21	 @ philipjkelly Yes .  But I’ve not had a chance to listen to it .  It comes with the DVD as well .  Pretty good value
21	New Music Monday  -  BBC Radiophonic Workshop  ( rerelease )  ,  The Lininanas ,  Frightened Rabbit  & amp ;  The KVB
21	 @ philipjkelly Should be a good one .  Youve got to love this band .  How many bands give you opportunities like this ? 
21	And breathe… . 
21	 @ philipjkelly It didnt help that he was really tall
21	Google Takes Street View Inside Gatwick Airport ,  Its Largest Indoors Maps Use In Europe 
21	Non - destructive photo editing feature coming in Android 4 . 4 KitKat 
21	 @ philipjkelly  @ MartinBown Thought about the York gig .  Might be an excuse to visit my brother .  Id also like to do the Falmouth gig . 
21	If you like Doctor Who then go and watch 
21	California’s Experiment With Massive Online Courses Restricted To University Students 
21	Makerbot Wants To Put A 3D Printer In Every School 
21	Bloomsbury open the doors or manage the queue . 
21	FAA to allow passenger use of iPhones ,  iPads  & amp ;  other electronics during all phases of flight 
21	 @ philipjkelly Should be .   Seeing them at the Cutty Sark on Thursday .  Really looking forward to it .  Should be an amazing sight . 
21	Its a Wonderful Life is on TV .  Great film .  Good way to start Christmas . 
21	What a surprise ,  the Doctor Who event is already running behind . 
21	 @ MichaelGillett thats because today I broke a habit of a lifetime and said something positive about Microsofts cloud services  # temptedfate
21	Off to the Forum to see the Savages .  Sad to see the Bull and Gate still closed and seemingly abandoned . 
21	Kudos to the old guy on the train with a CD Walkman despite the fact that he has an iPhone .   # slightlyoldschool
21	Just a photo of the best record store ever 
21	Now that Im not working weekends ,  I really struggle with Monday mornings
21	Busy New Music Monday  -  Girl Sweat ,  The Hypnotic Eye ,  Rachel Sermanni ,  Pixies ,  Lola Colt and the September Girls . 
21	 @ philipjkelly  @ BSPOfficial Thanks .  Will do
21	Watch video of Metallica’s concert in Antarctica 
21	Today’s New Old Music Friday  -  something I’ve just started .  Today ,  Aretha ,  Percy Sledge ,  Johny Cash  ( at Sun studios )  and Carl Perkins
21	 @ philipjkelly Thanks for reminding me .  Just picked up Cambridge and London .  Where have you got tickets for ? 
21	 @ philipjkelly not a fan of Editors .  So too expensive for me .  But do have a Cutty ticket .  Looking forward to that .  SXSW planning going ok ? 
21	 @ philipjkelly Will try
21	New Music Monday  -  Running out of new music to buy .  Need to hear some good new bands soon .  Today ,  Zen Mantra and Radar Men From The Moon
21	Coalition accused as south of England scoops regeneration cash 
21	Is it only me who finds it offensive when people go into a pub with a big selection of beers and lagers and they buy Carling ? 
21	Great way to finish off the Doctor Who 50th  -  watching the Radiophonic Workshop play at Rough Trade East
21	Giles disappeared leaving me on my todd .  Now standing on my own checking twitter but too polite to ingratiate onto people dont know
21	Left work at 5 . 30 and put a full stop under my days work .  New regime has started .  Hopefully I can keep it going . 
21	 @ UniofHerts  @ UniAlliance Sorry £50 for a design is ripping off our students .  Please pay them the reasonable rate . 
21	People who wear wide rimmed hats at gigs should be barred from the venue .  That is all . 
21	Charity Targets 3D Printings Plastic Waste Problem With Standards For An Ethical Alternative 
21	 @ movingalong79 I was going to tweet the same thing this morning .  It must be this years wrapping paper . 
21	And breathe .  .  .  . 
21	 @ philipjkelly wow .  Should be a great night .  Enjoy .  Sorry ,  obviously you will .  Where are they playing ? 
21	Most people wont be able to tell the difference  -  CoD :  Ghosts is 720p on Xbox One ,  1080p on PS4 
21	Does no one in Shoreditch know how to buy the correct length of trouser ?  Theyre either too short or rolled up .   # grumpyoldman
21	Tonight’s gig and moved to Monday which clashes with another gig .  I wonder if I can do both gigs in the same evening ? 
21	 @ philipjkelly probably corporates who have an allocation of seats .  You see the same at the O2 . 
21	 @ theforumherts Any support acts ? 
21	I think Im starting to realise I no longer like working with computers .  I just dont find what I do with them at work fun anymore . 
21	Gig 104  -  New Year Resolution achieved .  Slightly messed up timings .  BSP at the Cutty Sark was going to be 104 but missed two gigs . 
21	They should set aside a carriage on each train for people with colds and coughs
21	Just watched the Iceland programme .  Maybe its me being a northerner who prefers plain speaking ,  but their boss is a breath of fresh air . 
21	Now that Im home early .  Im not sure what to do . 
21	Architecture of atriums 
21	 @ MarkRussell a band called Icarus Line
21	Police car rushed by sirens blazing .  Its confused a bird thats now singing out in response .  Unfortunately outside my bedroom window
21	Quiet new music Monday only Rose Elinor Dougall and Mazes
21	Unlike Cineworld ,  BFI clearly care about films .  Good sound and in - focus .  Watching Nosferatu was a joy .   Whod have thought it ? 
21	Got the Wytches ‘Beehive Queen’ running around my head .  I can think of worse songs to be rattling around the voluminous space . 
21	 @ philipjkelly yes thanks .  Work stuff .  You okay ? 
21	BBC News  -  Warning over 4Chan Xbox One prank 
21	My ‘Storify’ of my 2013 gigs .  
21	 @ BSPOfficial playing underneath the Cutty Sark 
21	 @ philipjkelly  @ FTSTTLB now thats what I call a great Christmas gift .  Enjoy and have a great day  ( and a few nice beers ) 
21	 @ philipjkelly  @ FTSTTLB Yes ,  it was a good night .  Great setting .  Saw it at the O2 but this was better .  But still prefer Aran
21	Have a great Christmas everyone
21	New Music Monday  -  Cate Le Bon ,  Menace Beach ,  Loom ,  Shopping  & amp ;  British Sea Power
21	Love the Raymond Loewy inspired Google doodle
21	Found something I like about the new office .  The rest of my office says it’s ‘freezing’ .  But on the ‘Northern temperature’ scale ,  perfect
21	 " My Dad owed 1 / 2 million in tax ,  but he was cheating the system "   -   # thethingsyouhearonthetrain
21	A Boro win away at Millwall is a nice early Christmas present .  So to celebrate Ive decided to fit in a quick gig ,  Skinny Lister in Hoxton
21	‘Were Really Screwed Now ,  Says NSA Official After Surveillance Hawks Switch Sides 
21	Is this a problem ?  Region - locked voice control handicaps Xbox One imports .   Ive never import for my PS3 
21	Finally got round to summarising the good and bad gigs of 2013 .  
21	UK 26th in global school tests 
21	New music Monday  -  Fat White Family ,  Telegram ,  Crows and Ive succumbed and purchased Haim .  Probably regret that Haim ,  but it was cheap . 
21	I wonder how much money is wasted in the British Economy due to office moves and I wonder how many are really needed ? 
21	Great Doctor Who episode .  Glad I bumped the gig .  But this BBC3 show is awful
21	A very unusual gig venue 
21	Far too an ungodly time to be on a train on a day off . 
21	Colleagues who saw my last two retweets about Students Union Xmas day event for students stuck on campus ,  please retweet to your students
21	Any band that covers the Bangles gets an extra point from me  ( and ,  yes ,  I have seen the Bangles live ) 
21	 @ philipjkelly  @ MartinBown Heard Phil’s unavailable until April .  So there may not be a ‘Decline’ anniversary tour until later next year
21	HTC details how carriers ,  chipset makers stall  & amp ;  block Android OS updates 
21	Muscle Shoals doc ,  Thor and Robert Plant at the Royal Albert Hall .  Not a bad truth be told . 
21	BBC News  -  The teenager who saved a man with an SS tattoo 
21	Can’t be bothered arguing anymore .  They always get their own way .   # reallyneedtogetoutofhere
21	Microsoft Rolls Out Student Advantage ,  Giving Students Free Access To Its Office Suite 
21	Rare Recordings from The Beatles to Launch Exclusively on iTunes Next Week 
21	Already hate my new office . 
21	After a disappointing few weeks .  I need to find my enthusiasm .  Im sure I left it somewhere .  I wonder where it is ? 
21	Great isolated vocal performance on R . E . M . ’s “Losing My Religion” 
21	Tonight ,  85th gig in 2013 .   ( SXSW only counts as 1 )  .  19 to go to hit my target .  20 planned .  Easy  ( Though ,  I won’t be trying this again ) 
21	New Music Monday  -  Dum Dum Girls ,  A Dead Forest Index ,  Torres
21	 @ movingalong79 its the perfect Christmas film
