3	BBC News  -  Second high - orbit launch for SpaceX 
3	 @ movingalong79 Thanks .  As bland as Frank Turner is .  At least he made sure he could perform .  Babyshambles just treat their fans as mugs . 
3	 @ philipjkelly  @ nineinchnails saw them a few years ago on a double bill with Jane Addiction .  Went in an Addictions fan ,  came out an NIN fan
3	 @ philipjkelly it looks like Friday .  Theres a link on the Cutty Sark website .  £32 each .  Expensive .  But  worth it .  You cant make it ? 
3	For the first time in years .  I feel like Ive done a proper days work .  Simply because weve been moving boxes and desks around . 
3	 @ philipjkelly its not a good time of year .  Surprised they didnt leave it until January
3	 @ iron _ ammonite lovely shot
3	Just got my ticket for what promises to be a great gig .  British Sea Power playing underneath the Cutty Sark . 
3	 @ philipjkelly Band Of Skulls .  Saw them a few times now .  Good live band
3	Despite seeing over 200 bands this year .  I know hardly any of the music on Christmas TOTP .  Im kind of proud of this fact . 
3	I think thats why Im struggling looking for a new job .  They just seem to be more of the same .  Time to think different . 
3	Great evening watching  @ BSPOfficial play at the Cutty Sark .  It was weird having a ship floating above my head . 
3	Another chain bites the dust with loss of 2000 of jobs  -  All Blockbuster UK stores to close by Christmas 
3	Person ranting at platform staff because somebody selfish had been hit  ( and killed )  by train causing suspension .   # potkettleblack
3	Re :  last tweet .  Do students understand contact hours ?  Surely its the quality of the contact thats important ,  not the quantity
3	 @ movingalong79 Apparently Stevenage were the worst team in 2013 
3	Really glad that the trains were messed up last night and I got home so late .  Luckily I don’t have a long ‘detail full’ meeting this morning
3	Qualcomm Employee :  64 - Bit A7 Chip Hit Us In The Gut 
3	Great infographic of the distribution wealth in the USA .  
3	Yahoo Introduces New Style Of Flickr Embeds To Seed Content Outside Of The Site 
3	Coursera Adds Another  $ 20M To Its Already Massive Series B 
3	Its December and its still t - short weather .  Even for a Teessider ,  thats unusual . 
3	New Music Monday :  Bowie EP ,  God Damn EP ,  Skinny Girl Diet iTunes EP .  Band of Skulls  ( Live )  ,  Ty Segall  & amp ;  the Mispers single
3	New Music Monday  -  Rough Trade CC2013 ,  Fat White Family ,  Toy  & amp ;  Parlour .  Not seen many interesting support bands recently .  So a quiet Monday
3	And breathe .  . 
3	Learning from past mistakes  -  “ @ engadget :  Microsoft giving a free game to owners of Xbox Ones with hardware problems 
3	 @ philipjkelly Ive already booked a days holiday .  Just in case
3	 @ philipjkelly rough trades email said they go on sale Friday .  Are they already on sale ? 
3	Nokia Had A Stunning Q3 In North America ,  With Device Volume Up 367 %  From Last Year  |  TechCrunch 
3	And breathe .  .  .  .  . 
3	 @ BSPOfficial playing underneath the Cutty Sark 
3	Innis and Gunn on tap .  Not bad
3	 @ MartinBown  @ BSPOfficial  @ philipjkelly  sound was surprisingly good and venue stunning .  BSP  -  good as always
3	New music Monday and it’s quiet this week .  Only PINS ,  Bleached and Royal Teeth . 
3	When the late running sound check .  Sounds good .  Should be a good night
3	 @ philipjkelly Yes .  But I’ve not had a chance to listen to it .  It comes with the DVD as well .  Pretty good value
3	New Music Monday  -  BBC Radiophonic Workshop  ( rerelease )  ,  The Lininanas ,  Frightened Rabbit  & amp ;  The KVB
3	 @ philipjkelly Should be a good one .  Youve got to love this band .  How many bands give you opportunities like this ? 
3	And breathe… . 
3	 @ philipjkelly It didnt help that he was really tall
3	Google Takes Street View Inside Gatwick Airport ,  Its Largest Indoors Maps Use In Europe 
3	Non - destructive photo editing feature coming in Android 4 . 4 KitKat 
3	 @ philipjkelly  @ MartinBown Thought about the York gig .  Might be an excuse to visit my brother .  Id also like to do the Falmouth gig . 
3	If you like Doctor Who then go and watch 
3	California’s Experiment With Massive Online Courses Restricted To University Students 
3	Makerbot Wants To Put A 3D Printer In Every School 
3	Bloomsbury open the doors or manage the queue . 
3	FAA to allow passenger use of iPhones ,  iPads  & amp ;  other electronics during all phases of flight 
3	 @ philipjkelly Should be .   Seeing them at the Cutty Sark on Thursday .  Really looking forward to it .  Should be an amazing sight . 
3	Its a Wonderful Life is on TV .  Great film .  Good way to start Christmas . 
3	What a surprise ,  the Doctor Who event is already running behind . 
3	 @ MichaelGillett thats because today I broke a habit of a lifetime and said something positive about Microsofts cloud services  # temptedfate
3	Off to the Forum to see the Savages .  Sad to see the Bull and Gate still closed and seemingly abandoned . 
3	Kudos to the old guy on the train with a CD Walkman despite the fact that he has an iPhone .   # slightlyoldschool
3	Just a photo of the best record store ever 
3	Now that Im not working weekends ,  I really struggle with Monday mornings
3	Busy New Music Monday  -  Girl Sweat ,  The Hypnotic Eye ,  Rachel Sermanni ,  Pixies ,  Lola Colt and the September Girls . 
3	 @ philipjkelly  @ BSPOfficial Thanks .  Will do
3	Watch video of Metallica’s concert in Antarctica 
3	Today’s New Old Music Friday  -  something I’ve just started .  Today ,  Aretha ,  Percy Sledge ,  Johny Cash  ( at Sun studios )  and Carl Perkins
3	 @ philipjkelly Thanks for reminding me .  Just picked up Cambridge and London .  Where have you got tickets for ? 
3	 @ philipjkelly not a fan of Editors .  So too expensive for me .  But do have a Cutty ticket .  Looking forward to that .  SXSW planning going ok ? 
3	 @ philipjkelly Will try
3	New Music Monday  -  Running out of new music to buy .  Need to hear some good new bands soon .  Today ,  Zen Mantra and Radar Men From The Moon
3	Coalition accused as south of England scoops regeneration cash 
3	Is it only me who finds it offensive when people go into a pub with a big selection of beers and lagers and they buy Carling ? 
3	Great way to finish off the Doctor Who 50th  -  watching the Radiophonic Workshop play at Rough Trade East
3	Giles disappeared leaving me on my todd .  Now standing on my own checking twitter but too polite to ingratiate onto people dont know
3	Left work at 5 . 30 and put a full stop under my days work .  New regime has started .  Hopefully I can keep it going . 
3	 @ UniofHerts  @ UniAlliance Sorry £50 for a design is ripping off our students .  Please pay them the reasonable rate . 
3	People who wear wide rimmed hats at gigs should be barred from the venue .  That is all . 
3	Charity Targets 3D Printings Plastic Waste Problem With Standards For An Ethical Alternative 
3	 @ movingalong79 I was going to tweet the same thing this morning .  It must be this years wrapping paper . 
3	And breathe .  .  .  . 
3	 @ philipjkelly wow .  Should be a great night .  Enjoy .  Sorry ,  obviously you will .  Where are they playing ? 
3	Most people wont be able to tell the difference  -  CoD :  Ghosts is 720p on Xbox One ,  1080p on PS4 
3	Does no one in Shoreditch know how to buy the correct length of trouser ?  Theyre either too short or rolled up .   # grumpyoldman
3	Tonight’s gig and moved to Monday which clashes with another gig .  I wonder if I can do both gigs in the same evening ? 
3	 @ philipjkelly probably corporates who have an allocation of seats .  You see the same at the O2 . 
3	 @ theforumherts Any support acts ? 
3	I think Im starting to realise I no longer like working with computers .  I just dont find what I do with them at work fun anymore . 
3	Gig 104  -  New Year Resolution achieved .  Slightly messed up timings .  BSP at the Cutty Sark was going to be 104 but missed two gigs . 
3	They should set aside a carriage on each train for people with colds and coughs
3	Just watched the Iceland programme .  Maybe its me being a northerner who prefers plain speaking ,  but their boss is a breath of fresh air . 
3	Now that Im home early .  Im not sure what to do . 
3	Architecture of atriums 
3	 @ MarkRussell a band called Icarus Line
3	Police car rushed by sirens blazing .  Its confused a bird thats now singing out in response .  Unfortunately outside my bedroom window
3	Quiet new music Monday only Rose Elinor Dougall and Mazes
3	Unlike Cineworld ,  BFI clearly care about films .  Good sound and in - focus .  Watching Nosferatu was a joy .   Whod have thought it ? 
3	Got the Wytches ‘Beehive Queen’ running around my head .  I can think of worse songs to be rattling around the voluminous space . 
3	 @ philipjkelly yes thanks .  Work stuff .  You okay ? 
3	BBC News  -  Warning over 4Chan Xbox One prank 
3	My ‘Storify’ of my 2013 gigs .  
3	 @ BSPOfficial playing underneath the Cutty Sark 
3	 @ philipjkelly  @ FTSTTLB now thats what I call a great Christmas gift .  Enjoy and have a great day  ( and a few nice beers ) 
3	 @ philipjkelly  @ FTSTTLB Yes ,  it was a good night .  Great setting .  Saw it at the O2 but this was better .  But still prefer Aran
3	Have a great Christmas everyone
3	New Music Monday  -  Cate Le Bon ,  Menace Beach ,  Loom ,  Shopping  & amp ;  British Sea Power
3	Love the Raymond Loewy inspired Google doodle
3	Found something I like about the new office .  The rest of my office says it’s ‘freezing’ .  But on the ‘Northern temperature’ scale ,  perfect
3	 " My Dad owed 1 / 2 million in tax ,  but he was cheating the system "   -   # thethingsyouhearonthetrain
3	A Boro win away at Millwall is a nice early Christmas present .  So to celebrate Ive decided to fit in a quick gig ,  Skinny Lister in Hoxton
3	‘Were Really Screwed Now ,  Says NSA Official After Surveillance Hawks Switch Sides 
3	Is this a problem ?  Region - locked voice control handicaps Xbox One imports .   Ive never import for my PS3 
3	Finally got round to summarising the good and bad gigs of 2013 .  
3	UK 26th in global school tests 
3	New music Monday  -  Fat White Family ,  Telegram ,  Crows and Ive succumbed and purchased Haim .  Probably regret that Haim ,  but it was cheap . 
3	I wonder how much money is wasted in the British Economy due to office moves and I wonder how many are really needed ? 
3	Great Doctor Who episode .  Glad I bumped the gig .  But this BBC3 show is awful
3	A very unusual gig venue 
3	Far too an ungodly time to be on a train on a day off . 
3	Colleagues who saw my last two retweets about Students Union Xmas day event for students stuck on campus ,  please retweet to your students
3	Any band that covers the Bangles gets an extra point from me  ( and ,  yes ,  I have seen the Bangles live ) 
3	 @ philipjkelly  @ MartinBown Heard Phil’s unavailable until April .  So there may not be a ‘Decline’ anniversary tour until later next year
3	HTC details how carriers ,  chipset makers stall  & amp ;  block Android OS updates 
3	Muscle Shoals doc ,  Thor and Robert Plant at the Royal Albert Hall .  Not a bad truth be told . 
3	BBC News  -  The teenager who saved a man with an SS tattoo 
3	Can’t be bothered arguing anymore .  They always get their own way .   # reallyneedtogetoutofhere
3	Microsoft Rolls Out Student Advantage ,  Giving Students Free Access To Its Office Suite 
3	Rare Recordings from The Beatles to Launch Exclusively on iTunes Next Week 
3	Already hate my new office . 
3	After a disappointing few weeks .  I need to find my enthusiasm .  Im sure I left it somewhere .  I wonder where it is ? 
3	Great isolated vocal performance on R . E . M . ’s “Losing My Religion” 
3	Tonight ,  85th gig in 2013 .   ( SXSW only counts as 1 )  .  19 to go to hit my target .  20 planned .  Easy  ( Though ,  I won’t be trying this again ) 
3	New Music Monday  -  Dum Dum Girls ,  A Dead Forest Index ,  Torres
3	 @ movingalong79 its the perfect Christmas film
