27	UK Europes largest economy by 2030 
27	 @ Nigella _ Lawson C4 great Xmas special ,  good use of ingredients :  fenugreek -   good for insulin resistance ,  cumin  -  a powerful detoxifier . 
27	 @ paulmort great to catch up ,  always the right blend of business and comedy with you Mr Mort .  Leangreens  -  destined for big things . 
27	 @ iamfoxes absolutely love the new track youth  -  its going to be huge Id say and deservedly so . 
27	Bbc1 the proms  -  nigel Kennedy with violin .  Now that is unquestionably the definition of genius . 
27	Must get the new research on cancer .  I work with clients on the basis that 43 %  of cancers can be prevented .  Green tea plays a HUGE role . 
27	God its good to be home .  Love the travelling around the UK though .  The tougher the journey the better that first cuppa tastes .  .  .  . 
27	Im seeing more and more guys with moobs .  You are aware that is a key indicator of depressed testosterone levels  ?   # menmorphingtowomen
27	So the report on omega3 was flawed .  Fish oil  -  specifically omega3 is a critical component esp for shifting body fat 
27	Big thanks to escape fitness for helping to create this with us .   
27	Programme  |  Manchester International Festival 
27	4 : 1 ratio of women smoking  -  men right now outside the cafe . 
27	Ive just actually and with full intent entered a b and q car park looking for an ice cream van .  Are they extinct now ?  New EU regs  ? 
27	 @ Roxanna _ Clarke sorry I didnt see this .  Perhaps a little short notice for this one but we are short on females .  Ill talk to craig . 
27	What is it with naggy older women when theyre out with husbands !  The dismal tide starts when the matching clothes detail is initiated . 
27	At the services  .  .  .  .  Costa or McDonalds is the choice .   Is there any wonder ?  Really ?  26 %  current obesity levels in UK in adults . 
27	Lsf - personal training brings home the fit - pro 2013 award .  Craig Lawton  -  massive well done . 
27	 @ amy _ scaife do you create fic or non - fic Amy ? 
27	Getting off a plane to then get on a bus to be driven 500 yards across the airport apron can only mean one thing .  .  .  Im back in the UK . 
27	 @ di _ youdale Good luck with you know what .  .  .  . X  Looks very good . 
27	 @ PadOne  thought Id chirp in here ,  fab remedy for the cold ,  it involves alcohol .  Ive listed it here 
27	A case of lazyitis ?  Not bothering to exercise should be treated as a medical condition 
27	Does your fear of looking hot and sweaty stop you working out ?  
27	Christmas 2011 Lifestyle Fitness PT 
27	This is what we do 
27	Chi Gong Healing with LSF - Personal Training Team 
27	
27	
27	I created group LSF - Personal Training on Linkedin .  :  
