16	Frozen waves  -  Reykjavik :  
16	Collie dog that thinks hes a husky  -  Perlan ,  Reykjavik :  
16	One lucky Santa !  
16	Stop the Flogging of a Woman for  " Indecent Dress "  !   @ Amnesty 
16	Laugardalur Bonfire ,  Reykavik  -  New Years Eve 
16	Forget sparklers on New Years Eve  -  kids in Iceland get given distress flares !  
16	 @ mandypoppins I know  -  gutted !  Farted around at my Thursday morning job instead .  They love me though ,  I hope .  Think that L should do a dvd ! 
16	 @ jessypaston  @ PeppermintStyle I think so  -  weve finally realised that were being treated like eejits .  Real people have pores . 
16	 @ jessypaston  @ PeppermintStyle Absolutely .  Ive stopped buying magazines as I never did fit their ideal ,  and find photo shopped images dull . 
16	Its hard to speak about these things in public .  So  @ deantrippe drew this instead .   ( via  @ Upworthy )  
16	Romania Day 16  -  searching for Vlad 
16	Rogie Falls ,  Strathpeffer ,  North Highlands :  
16	 @ jessypaston  @ PeppermintStyle Noswith dda  ( good evening ) 
16	Romania Day 12  -  taming the dog :  
16	Im not normally a fan of Leona Lewiss music ,  but when she sings like this ,  wow !  
16	Sunset over Heidmork ,  Iceland :  
16	 @ jessypaston  @ PeppermintStyle I think the instinct that its unfair has always been there ,  but maybe we were too scared to highlight it ? 
16	Sanctions  -  are you checking the lists ?  
16	Have just been to my second ever Tai Chi class .  Cant speak properly but the telly now switches itself on when I enter the room . 
16	Romania Day 10  -  cows on a ski slope 
16	Sunset over Sherborne ,  Cotswolds :  
16	 @ fledglingonfire Youll love it .  Although it might make you wish that you werent in London !  Fancy attending one of her walks next year ? 
16	Dont put the word mosaic on a parcel .  Delivery man threw the tiles over the fence onto the patio !  Still ,  its saved cutting time  :  -  / 
16	 @ jessypaston  @ PeppermintStyle Especially when most of us end up looking better at 40 than we did at 18 ! 
16	Mt first stone carving .  I seem to have a things for stars :  
16	For my farming friends :   ( via  @ Upworthy )  
16	Lip reading fail .  Hubby just said that he fancied an enchilada .  He means pina colada . 
16	Romania Day 13  -  thermal tubs and flying beetles :  
16	Apparently I have a soft voice .  This could explain why no one ever gets offended when I swear in Welsh . 
16	 @ PaulWillgoss thank you  :  -  )  Multiple choice too  -  me likes . 
16	Grouting is almost as therapeutic as climbing and kayaking .  The finished Dark Star 
16	It appears that you get spammed lots if you mention the word puppies .  So from now on Im calling them canine fluff bundles . 
16	 @ jessypaston  @ PeppermintStyle Absolutely .  Size has nothing to do with it .  And more and more men are feeling negative about their looks . 
16	I need advance notice when Norwich City score .  Hubby is deaf and cant hear how loud his screams of joy are .  Me nerves are shredded  :  -  / 
16	Romania Day 11  -  lost in the woods 
16	Romania day 14  -  Edelweiss 
16	7 cowardly words from a stranger sparked this courageous response from  @ pagesofle  ( via  @ Upworthy )  
16	Ended up in tears over the last episode of  # educatingyorkshire ,  so thank goodness for  # educatingessex .  A must see if you want to teach . 
16	 @ jessypaston  @ PeppermintStyle  I like the daft moments too ,  when the subject is unaware that theyve been caught in the act  :  -  ) 
16	Here is what happens when a trailblazer does just that  @ WhoopiGoldberg  ( via  @ Upworthy )  
16	Permutations 
16	 @ jessypaston  @ PeppermintStyle And its sad that so many feel the need to have cosmetic surgery to look perfect . 
16	 @ PeppermintStyle  @ jessypaston Im in ! 
16	 @ yaktrax I love you !  Youve seen us through two Winter trips to Iceland so far :  
16	 @ jessypaston  @ PeppermintStyle I prefer Indie films as they tend to use real actors rather than just beautiful people .  I get bored otherwise . 
16	Heidmork nature reservce ,  Iceland :  
16	 @ jessypaston  @ PeppermintStyle Where do I start !  ?  I love Amelie .  Do you like thrillers ,  romances or raunchy ?  ! 
16	 @ PeppermintStyle  @ jessypaston All of our wedding pics were observational too ,  and the results were amazing .  No pained expressions  :  -  ) 
16	 @ PeppermintStyle  @ jessypaston Im particularly fond of Nordic Noir ,  and most of the women in their dramas and films are not conventional . 
16	Hold hands .  .  .   @ BeLonG _ To  ( via  @ Upworthy )  
16	Dont turn a blind eye to human rights ,  City firms urged :  
16	North Highlands Day 2  -  lunch in high places :  
16	 @ jessypaston  @ PeppermintStyle Exactly .  Being as healthy as you can be is waaaaaay more important . 
16	Do you work with psychopaths ?  
16	 @ jessypaston  @ PeppermintStyle I appreciate that some women are girly .  I like a nice frock .  But I like a nice pair of crampons too . 
16	With both Marilyn Manson and Atomic Kitten on my ipod ,  to say that I have eclectic tastes might be an understatement .  .  . 
16	 @ Skyr _ Icelandic Ive only been home two days and am already having withdrawal symptoms  :  -  / 
16	North Highlands Day 3  -  The Lighthouse 
16	Hear hear !  Why Safe Pairs of Hands Are Too Risky 
16	I tried to watch this without crying ,  but failed :  
16	Oh my .  This shouldnt have made me laugh so much that I couldnt breathe ,  but it did :  
16	I have a new passion  -  Qi Gong .  How come no one ever dragged me to a class before ?  ! 
16	What lawyers need to know about cloud computing :  
16	Serco staff at Yarls Wood immigration removal centre are abusing their positions of power .  
16	 " The natural flights of the human mind are not from pleasure to pleasure ,  but from hope to hope "  Samuel Johnson
16	Working on Dark Star .  Just waiting for the centre piece ,  then its ready to grout .  
16	RT  @ CrimestoppersUK :  Female genital mutilation is a very real issue .  Help to  # StopFGM  -  educate yourself 
16	Hubby on the hill  -  Northern Cotswolds .  
16	 @ fledglingonfire Absolutely !  Having been born and bought up on the Welsh coast ,  I do love a bit of laverbread  ( seaweed )  . 
16	Romania Day 15  -  meeting Romeo 
16	 @ jessypaston  @ PeppermintStyle Me too ,  time just flew ! 
16	Symptoms of a  # migraine fug  -  discovering that youve put 3 oatcakes in an empty bread bag ,  in hubbys man drawer .  Ummm .  .  . 
16	 @ wearewildthing Cant wait to see the film !  Will any of the screenings be subtitled or will hubby have to wait for the DVD ? 
16	Theres a scarecrow that looks like me in Reykjavik !  
16	Isafjordur ,  Iceland :  
16	Apparently the more you meditate ,  the more youre likely to speak your mind .  Given my already somewhat direct approach ,  Im worried .  .  . 
16	 @ PeppermintStyle  @ jessypaston I think too that feminism is no longer seen as a dirty word ,  so more young women are talking about such issues
16	Hubby thinks its hilarious that I have to buy short length winter trousers .  Is there a word for prejudice against short people ? 
16	 @ AldiUK Your gluten free bread ?  Fantastic !  Best out there ,  and I mean that ,  so thank you . 
16	Puffin street art  -  Isafjordur ,  Iceland :  
16	If you love graffiti / street art ,  youll love this video :  
16	 @ PeppermintStyle  @ jessypaston for me its being happy the way you are ,  not wanting to look like everyone else or to change drastically
16	Hubby to me :   " weve now known each other for four years ,  maybe thats why youve aged .  .  .  " 
16	Can you help write the UKs biggest fairytale ?  
16	Drive safely in Iceland .  Winter has arrived  ( huzzah  :  -  )  )  
16	Only in Wales .  This is my sister .  Yep ,  we can blame it on the genes  :  -  )  
16	 # savesanta 
16	Turf covered building  -  Hveragerdi ,  Iceland :  
16	 @ jessypaston  @ PeppermintStyle I look at most of them with a cynical eye now ,  but when younger dieted until underweight . 
16	They pile the snow high in Isafjordur :  
16	Symonds Yat Ferry ,  run by the pub staff !  
16	 @ jessypaston  @ PeppermintStyle Aye Im not a fan of the role reversal thing .  It does indeed work both ways . 
16	Just discovered  @ BorrowMyDoggy .  Now I know why I became self employed  -  plenty of time for doggy cuddles  :  -  ) 
16	 @ jessypaston  @ PeppermintStyle Absolutely ,  all the scars ,  lumps and bumps .  Give me images of women who really make a differ any day . 
16	I was watching a video of Samantha Barass talking about SRA stuff ,  but then got distracted by this funny :  
16	Extreme pain  -  no problem .  The optician tries to touch my eyelids  -  I need time out and Rescue Remedy .  My inner freakiness is alive and well
16	 " All business practices would improve immeasurably if they were guided by feminine principles .  .  . like love care and intuition "  Anita Roddick
16	 @ PeppermintStyle  @ jessypaston I think so .  I love taking photographs and capturing memories .  Much prefer observational to posed photography . 
16	 @ jessypaston Absolutely !  Its in the diary  :  -  ) 
16	Daily meditation helps keep me sane  (  !  )  If you dont know where to start ,  this would be a good place :  1 min exercise 
16	Wishing that I was still 66 degrees North :  
16	“ @ Sensetweets :  Unfortunately ,  the Communication Support  ( Deafness )  Bill did not achieve a Second Reading today 
16	Today someone though that I was 27 .  My immediately offering to adopt them ,  helped them realise that theyd guessed wrong . 
16	 @ dr _ organic Thank you for my lovely box of Dead Sea Mineral treats !  It arrived today .  Nadolig Llawen  :  -  ) 
16	Solicitors  -  have you sorted your archiving and file retention procedures ?  
16	Oh the irony .  I start writing a book about migraine ,  and my migraines get worse . 
16	 @ webtechww No hot chocolate ? 
16	 @ ian _ mc _ brown  @ brythoniaid Ill definitely have to make a trip oop north for that !  Diolch . 
16	 @ mandypoppins Just say that you got given the MP3 downloads free when you bought it .  Works every time .  Honest . 
16	 @ Tisseranduk Your De - stress roll on .  Zen in a little bottle  :  -  ) 
16	Just discovered the beautiful sounds made by  @ SvavarKnutur .  Icelandic folk music at its best :  
16	 @ webtechww I put double cream instead of milk in mine last night .  Lashings of loveliness  :  -  ) 
16	 @ mandypoppins Um no ,  but only because I may have done just that myself !  It makes us super scrimpers . Which is a good thing .  I hope . 
16	Can anyone recommend any good books or websites for identifying birds of prey ?  Saw some beauties in he the Cotswolds today . 
16	My Christmas gift to UK solicitors :  up to 30 mins free compliance advice between Dec 9th and 20th 
16	 @ mandypoppins Last one next week .  Do you need a hug ?  Welcome round here with the little one if you need one in person ?  I have chocolate . 
16	Walking on ice  -  Tjornin 
16	 @ mandypoppins Ta you .  Tis material for the book at least !  Although might have to re - name it  " ten signs that youre living with a tit "   :  -  ) 
16	Dont drop your map in Iceland :  
16	 @ jessypaston  @ PeppermintStyle I agree .  Campaigns such as no more page 3 are making a huge difference too .  Women are not just eye candy . 
16	The good news is that the snowshoes have arrived .  The bad news is that we are definitely going to need bigger bags . 
16	Having pets is good for your health .  Unless theyre a bit bitey ,  then theyre less good . 
16	 @ mandypoppins Hubby does keep telling me that Im a bit special  :  -  )  I like to think that my quirky moments make me interesting .  .  . 
16	Receiving a Christmas card from Jim  -  the llama hubby adopted for me last year ,  has made my day . 
16	Almost home  -  sundown in the Northern Cotswolds 
16	Not that I needed another reason to love Iceland any more than I do :  
16	Just saw a bloke sidle up to another whilst waiting at the station gates ,  asking if he wanted some Viagra .  Not sure who was most shocked . 
16	 @ PeppermintStyle  @ jessypaston Snap them when theyre having fun ,  and show them how stunning their huge smiles make them look  :  -  ) 
16	Even the trailer gave me goosebumps !  How Rwandas only womens drumming group branched out into ice cream  :  -  )  
16	 @ PeppermintStyle  @ jessypaston Having loves ones with disfigurements really drives the message home .  People have gotten too used to pretty . 
16	 @ PeppermintStyle  @ jessypaston Because nothing that you slap on your skin can permanently remove a wrinkle ,  no matter what they say
16	Pittville Park ,  Lower Lake  -  Cheltenham ,  UK 
16	Missed you  @ mandypoppins !  Used the chair again ,  but managed to just about avoid headbutting the wall . 
16	
16	Hypermobile  -  moi ?  Keeping fit in Hveragerdi ,  Iceland :  
16	Listening to these guys again ,  loudly :  
16	How should law firms deal with PEPs  ( Politically Exposed Persons )  ?  
16	Me as a little one .  And yes ,  this is the Welsh national costume 
