2	Job opportunity :  Product Project Manager at MegaFood  -  Greater Boston Area  # jobs 
2	Work from Home and Make Money Online 
2	Dont let the bedBugs bite !  !  Protect your home and your family today !  
2	Broke College Student Discovers How To Make  $ 4 , 500 Per Month On Her Laptop 
2	Quick and Easy Way of Making Good Money online 
2	It Is Possible To Work From Home  & amp ;  Make Money Online  -  Learn How 
2	Step by Step How You Can Work From Home 
2	Generate  $ 500 –  $ 2500 a month  -  Own Your Own Business 
2	Making money on the internet and serious cash in a matter of days 
2	Make really good cash from the internet to earn money at home 
2	Earn Cash in Your Spare Time 
2	Not much of a tweeter these days .  .  . loving  # tedxville
2	Looking for eco - friendly bottling and packaging suppliers ,  as well as printing companies .   Let me know if you have any resources ! 
2	Braving the blizzard !    
2	This year ,  lets go Plaid on Friday .   Buy Local this holiday season and build local economies  # PlaidFriday  
2	 & lt ; 3 this article !  Explains the importance of making your own 100 %  whole food vitamins .  I  @ LoveMegaFood !  !  
2	I think I should move to nyc sooner than later !  !  ! 
2	Im Attending Clean Tech  # Kingpins ,  April 20rd  @ NEXUS _ Green 
2	Interior Secretary Salazar is asking for public comments on CapeWind .  Please click here to help !  
2	Those of you smiling at this unseasonably warm weather today .  .  .  I have 2 words for you .  .  .  GLOBAL WARMING !  This is not a joke .   # fb
2	Now is the time for Cape Wind :  Today in the NY Times ,  theres an exciting article about efforts to develop deep .  .  
2	ALA Speaks Out for  @ capewindproject !  
2	Watch out USA ,  China may become the leader in green technology .  .  . 
2	Cape Winds newest blog explores the importance of US OffShore wind at intl conferences .  Check it out .  http : voices . capewind . org
2	Former New Bedford Mayor shares his view on why  @ CapeWindProject is crucial to combating global warming !  
2	U . S .  Chamber of Commerce supports Cape Wind !  Read about it in their latest blog :  
2	Interested in Cape Wind increasing jobs ?   Check out the latest blog post by Union Leader Marty Aikens !  
2	
2	Cape Wind has launched their blog !  capewindvoices . wordpress . com  @ capewindproject  @ firstwind  @ awea  @ altenergynews  @ greenenergynews
2	capewindvoices . wordpress . com Cape Wind has launched their blog !  Check out Mark Rodgers 1st post !  !   Lots of influential people to post soon ! 
2	With the temp at 95 in Boston ,   @ capewindproject would have been producing at 72 %  of capacity !  
2	Is the smart grid the real solution to the nrg crisis ?  Local oppositions are stalling wind farm developments across the US ! 
2	Follow  @ RoRoDejobaan and retweet this for a chance to win a freeeee copy of Aaaaa !  :  
2	Fabulous day in Boston learning the value of strong communication within a wind development project !   @ capewindproject
2	Congrats is in order .  .  . Secured  $ 191mil to cont project  @ FirstWind 
2	Friedman ,  like usual ,  is right !  The US needs an Energy Technology Revolution !  !  Start inventing Gen Y !  
2	Bad news for the future of the US Climate bill ?  
2	Is MA set to block all offshore wind development and lose the position of the 1st offshore wind farm in America ?  ?  ? 
2	Found the perfect job at the AWEA .  . hope my application is well received ! 
2	With all of its flaws ,  the energy bill still needs to be passed .  .  . 
2	Valero oil installs 33 wind turbines to offset their electricity costs .  .  . oxymoron ? 
2	
2	Loving Social Media  @ JodySeivert
2	Virtual Energy Forum :  DOE claims Boston one of the 25 American Solar city ! 
2	Demand Response :  could cut peak demand by 20 %  
2	1st floating wind turbine - Will it sustain the weather ?   turbine / index . html
2	What about those whom want to get involved NOW ?  !  EER :  Wind Industrys 2009 Downturn to Give Way to 2010 Surge
2	I support this cause .  You should to .   
2	Friedman chats with Obama on the phone !  Not the topic I would have liked to see .  .  . 
2	Globally Clean NRG needs  $ 515bil invested annually .  Time to get risky !  
2	
