9	Win a huge collection of amazing Steam games worth  $ 500 !  via  @ bundlestars 
9	 @ Almighty _ faye Stop it .  Youre making me blush . 
9	Im now ranked Hardcore  ( top 20 %  )  in Tomb Raider Underworld on Raptr !  
9	Im now ranked Hardcore  ( top 20 %  )  in Bastion on Raptr !  
9	Im now ranked Dedicated  ( top 40 %  )  in The Witcher :  Enhanced Edition on Raptr !  
9	Im now ranked Experienced  ( top 60 %  )  in Garrys Mod on Raptr !  
9	 @ CJStewart86 You got the Android update for your S2 ?  Alex says his popped today . 
9	Hardly any actual dwarves in films now .  Its sad .  I blame YOU Peter Jackson . 
9	My musical theme of today is  " Actors who also make music "  featuring the work of  @ sseagalofficial .  Bosch . 
9	Just learned what a  " dvorak keyboard "  is .  Not sure if Im offended or if I see it as typing on a higher difficulty . 
9	Whatchu know about Dr .  Pop ?  I know enough .  
9	Im now ranked Experienced  ( top 60 %  )  in Bastion on Raptr !  
9	Fuck yo tonsils . 
9	Just watched Robocop 3 and didnt hate it .  I know Im probably the only one . 
9	Have a nice collection of indie games on Steam now .  However I struggle to give love to anything but Super Hexagon . 
9	 @ playouya I havent received a username conformation yet .  Should I be concerned ? 
9	Im now ranked Dedicated  ( top 40 %  )  in Really Big Sky on Raptr !  
9	The new MySpace looks pretty promising mash - up of the big social networks .  Looking forward to getting my hands on it :  
9	Starting to look festive in the Stevenson household .  # Christmas  # xmas  # festive  # holidays 
9	Im now ranked Dedicated  ( top 40 %  )  in DLC Quest on Raptr !  
9	 @ refreshcreation Ace .  I love the look of the Street Fighter characters . 
9	Im now ranked Experienced  ( top 60 %  )  in Tomb Raider Underworld on Raptr !  
9	Man ,  I need more  @ evian _ christ in my life .  Any word on new material my dood ? 
9	 @ CJStewart86 Fuck yeah !  
9	Have been cracked in the nuts 3 separate times by a toddler today and its not even midday .  Need to work on my reflexes . 
9	Hard to tell if  @ CJStewart86 has genuinely had a good nights sleep or just done A LOT of cocaine before coming to work . 
9	Regarding Superman 3  & amp ;  4 .  .  .  What the fuck ? 
9	Im now ranked Experienced  ( top 60 %  )  in Beat Hazard on Raptr !  
9	Dear young women ,  Dont wear cheap leggings and nothing to cover your arse .  A guy should have to buy you drinks before seeing your undies . 
9	Im now ranked Experienced  ( top 60 %  )  in Battlefield Bad Company 2 on Raptr !  
9	I wish Rita Oras music sounded as good as she looks . 
9	 # IndieGalaDwarves  !  9 Amazing games including AGameOfDwarves ,  Guilty Gear Isuka ,  Warlock and more !  Support  # charity !  
9	Redefining guilty pleasure with some RiFF RAFF this morning in the Stevenson household . 
9	 @ rocknridikulous Everything ok ? 
9	 @ refreshcreation Theres some E . Honda moves towards the end of the first workout .  Youll love it . 
9	Dear world ,  Its 10am .  Why you so dark ? 
9	Im now ranked Elite  ( top 10 %  )  in Serious Sam HD :  The First Encounter on Raptr !  
9	Im alone in the office ,  its quiet and Im keen to get home and play with my presents .  Mass Effect OST time ! 
9	Im now ranked Elite  ( top 10 %  )  in Zombie Driver HD on Raptr !  
9	Im now ranked Experienced  ( top 60 %  )  in Cube World on Raptr !  
9	 @ Jenjenxlove Good luck .  Remember ,  all the best people get 100 %  on their theory .  Hazard perception can suck a literal dick tho . 
9	Drakes word for the day DESTRUCTION . 
9	Im now ranked Hardcore  ( top 20 %  )  in The Witcher :  Enhanced Edition on Raptr !  
9	The whole Craig David discography is being played at work today back - to - back .  Not saying its a good idea ,  but its happening . 
9	 @ T0R1B4BY I hear we are the sole Insanity kids now .  Stay strong sister .  Hope youre coping OK ? 
9	Why am I immune to Night Nurse ?  This shits ridiculous .  Swear I slept less and woke up earlier . 
9	So .  .  .  Male - female ratios at car meets in Fast and Furious movies are just a little off . 
9	Du .  Du Hast .  Du Hast Milch . 
9	Im now ranked Elite  ( top 10 %  )  in The Walking Dead on Raptr !  
9	Future Garage is STILL my shit .  So 2007 . 
9	If there is one thing Ive learned in this life ,  its to never question a wizard . 
9	Im now ranked Experienced  ( top 60 %  )  in Mafia II on Raptr !  
9	Public Health Warning :  This shit tastes like ash ,  salt and dirt .  Not convinced it is coffee at all .  Avoid .  
9	Im now ranked Experienced  ( top 60 %  )  in F . 3 . A . R .  on Raptr !  
9	Animation in the 70s was lazy yo . 
9	Fuck ,  I hate hidden tracks .  It is no longer  1993 ,  this shit is not acceptable . 
9	Festive JCVD snow angel wallpaper .  Thanks for the idea worldwarjuan .   # Christmas  # xmas  # festive  # JCVD 
9	Fun Factory had some amazing prizes .  I would still like half of that stuff now . 
9	Domino motherfucker ! 
9	Fuck this noise .  How did he manage to make the same song for 10 years ?   # printingmoneyyall
9	 @ refreshcreation  @ CJStewart86 As Metal Gear Solid fans ,  you guys need to check this out .  
9	Im now ranked Dedicated  ( top 40 %  )  in Dear Esther on Raptr !  
9	Trying to persuade the wife that 10 . 30 is not an excessively late bedtime for two 27 year olds .  Im losing . 
9	Im now ranked Hardcore  ( top 20 %  )  in Fallout :  New Vegas on Raptr !  
9	The Best Downloads of the Week feature on  @ PotholesInBlog is THE place to make sure you havent slept on any great free hip - hop releases . 
9	First the VAT loophole now he is taking on Amazon .  Lord Lucas is a badass ! 
9	Guy in a suit downing a can of Carling in the street and then hopping into his car .  Classy . 
9	Red Ring of Death .  Perfect way to ruin a Sunday . 
9	Trailer for the new  # startrek movie due today .  My life will stop for a few minutes today regardless of what is going on around me . 
9	It is very odd when people refuse to believe they have dialled the wrong number .   # bitchimnotjustsittinginyourfirendshouseansweringphones
9	Good man ,  good message and for a good cause .  Pay whatever you can for this  @ SageFrancis track :  
9	Blargh .   Deadlift spins .   # teamfitness
9	Im now ranked Experienced  ( top 60 %  )  in Serious Sam HD :  The First Encounter on Raptr !  
9	About to watch Prometheus for the second time .  My gut feeling is I will hate it this time now I am not in full fanboy mode . 
9	Im now ranked Hardcore  ( top 20 %  )  in The Witcher :  Enhanced Edition on Raptr !  
9	Bro ,  words got to Lingerie Insight that you are back .  
9	The kettle does not go in the fridge .  Fact . 
9	 @ CJStewart86 Tis odd .  Not complaining though .  Very manageable and helping the last 6 hours before crimbo go fast . 
9	Watching Insidious with the wife .  Could have sworn we vowed never to watch stuff like this again . 
9	Im now ranked Experienced  ( top 60 %  )  in Superbrothers :  Sword  & amp ;  Sworcery EP on Raptr !  
9	Im now ranked Dedicated  ( top 40 %  )  in Cube World on Raptr !  
9	Your friends want you to fail so they can keep you . 
9	So .  .  .  my Raptr account has been spamming you all ?  Sorry about that .  All notifications have now been stopped . 
9	Happy to see my favourite musical chick in the world  (  @ Grimezsz )  as the  # 1 top artist in Hype Machines Zeitgeist 2012 .  Deserved . 
9	Very little snow here in Torbaydos .  Not sure why everyone is disappointed  Snow is cold ,  horrible and really fucking cold . 
9	The volume that someone speaks at and how politely they initiate a conversation is a good way to gauge their intelligence . 
9	Im now ranked Dedicated  ( top 40 %  )  in Mafia II on Raptr !  
9	Should a good about workout feel like kidney failure ?   # teamfitness
9	Im now ranked Elite  ( top 10 %  )  in Bastion on Raptr !  
9	 @ CJStewart86 That was not a satisfying day .  Oh wells ,  tomorrow is another day .  Im popping lemsip and vitamin tabs for it .  May be rough one . 
9	Im now ranked Experienced  ( top 60 %  )  in Fallout :  New Vegas on Raptr !  
9	 @ CJStewart86 8 calls in the first hour .  Had to check my phone to make sure it was definitely a Saturday . 
9	Im now ranked Experienced  ( top 60 %  )  in The Witcher :  Enhanced Edition on Raptr !  
9	Im now ranked Experienced  ( top 60 %  )  in Zombie Driver HD on Raptr !  
9	Not a good health day ,  mental or otherwise . 
9	The day after ,  the day after aches .  Love that feeling .   # teamfitness
9	 @ stereogum Sad times .  Heems and Kool have super promising solo careers though . 
9	Im now ranked Dedicated  ( top 40 %  )  in Hard Reset on Raptr !  
9	Gonna watch the crab outta the second half of The Walking Dead as soon as I get home .  So much love for that show . 
9	Liking the NEW  @ MySpace profiles .  Shame listening to music doesnt scrobble though . 
9	 # IndieGalaMassEffect  !  Shank2 ,  MassEffect2 ,  Shadowgrounds ,  Gimbal ,  ZombieDriver and More !  
9	Im now ranked Experienced  ( top 60 %  )  in Strong Bads Cool Game for Attractive .  .  .  
9	Love watching  @ DMX interviews .  Dude should do stand - up . 
9	 @ CJStewart86 Im so disproportionatly excited about Dr .  Pop .  Bring on Tuesday . 
9	 @ CJStewart86 Forget to clear the browser history before leaving your parents house again ? 
9	Is it me or has  @ realpaulwalker had the same shoes on in in every F & amp ; F movie ?   # ballinonabudget
9	Cat jingles its bell in one room .  Child wakes up doing cat noises in the other .  Guess Im getting up now . 
9	Pizza ,  two beers and a KitKat Chunky .  My reward for a week of hard training .  Worth it . 
9	 @ danaeeqvpfrick I dare you . 
9	Just got my pre - release profile for the NEW MySpace .  Feels like 2005 all over again . 
9	Im now ranked Experienced  ( top 60 %  )  in Dungeon Hearts on Raptr !  
9	Office talk on politics didnt last long .  Back to discussing which Pokemon is the hottest .   # innuendo  # pokemon
9	Im now ranked Elite  ( top 10 %  )  in Tomb Raider Underworld on Raptr !  
9	Dammit  stupid phone auto corrected  # nintendo to innuendo .  Was kinda appropriate given the context . 
9	 @ CJStewart86 Nah .  Ill love it .  Guaranteed . 
9	I think music fans should find artists ,  not the other way around . 
9	 # IndieGalaTropico  !  Tropico 1 , 2 , 3 and 4  (  all Steam  )  for 8 $  !  Unbelievable !  
9	Im now ranked Experienced  ( top 60 %  )  in Hard Reset on Raptr !  
9	10 years too late on this but .  .  .  the music on Smallville is TERRIBLE . 
9	Thought I could do with another vice .  Gotta be down with the cool kids .   # vaping  # vaporizer 
9	Im now ranked Hardcore  ( top 20 %  )  in AaaaA !   -  A Reckless Disregard for Gravity on .  .  .  
9	Protip :  Dont walk away from you PC with your headphones still in .  You look real silly . 
9	If Fast and the Furious 5 is anything to go by  @ therock sweats more than any other human being .  Must be the awesome escaping . 
9	Superman 3 was ropey as fuck .  Heard 4 is even worse ,  but am having trouble imagining it .  Wish me luck . 
9	 # IndieGalaMassEffect  !  Shank2 ,  MassEffect2 ,  Shadowgrounds ,  Gimbal ,  ZombieDriver and More !  
9	Im now ranked Dedicated  ( top 40 %  )  in Offspring Fling on Raptr !  
9	Seriously .  Im a married man .  This shits gonna give me a heart attack . 
9	 @ refreshcreation What is the theme for today ? 
9	Im now ranked Experienced  ( top 60 %  )  in Solar 2 on Raptr !  
9	Another instabuy t - shirt from Qwertee .  Zombie Survival Guide :  
9	Just heard the  @ Skype login sound sampled in a hip - hop joint .  Odd choice . 
9	Im now ranked Elite  ( top 10 %  )  in Super Hexagon on Raptr !  
9	My neck ,  my back ,  lick my pussy and my crack . 
9	Ab - tastic workout in tminus 15 minutes .  Lets do this . 
9	Cant help but giggle when someone asks for a  " Big Black Coke "  from the shop .  So childish ! 
9	 @ TheDarkChaplain Hope it pops soon .  Have been looking forward to more IndieGalas weekly sales . 
9	Im now ranked Hardcore  ( top 20 %  )  in Zombie Driver HD on Raptr !  
9	Man ,  you get some complete tools on Yahoo answers . 
9	It is amazing how many people work for schools ,  but dont know how to work out VAT . 
9	 @ CJStewart86 Order from Warp Records ?  Fuck yeah .  Were doing well on the H points recently . 
9	The green sweets in Dolly Mixture taste like literal ass . 
9	Im now ranked Hardcore  ( top 20 %  )  in Serious Sam HD :  The First Encounter on Raptr !  
9	Onions are the bacon of vegetables . 
9	 @ playouya I was an early supporter but havent received word of my username after the survey .  Can someone help me out plx ? 
9	Im now ranked Dedicated  ( top 40 %  )  in Solar 2 on Raptr !  
9	Mister Maker has nothing on Neil Buchanan . 
9	Im now ranked Elite  ( top 10 %  )  in Hard Reset on Raptr !  
9	If a musical sub - genre has deep ,  dark or chill in its name .  .  .  Im there bruh . 
9	 @ refreshcreation No probs .  Looking forward to trying the next version . 
9	 @ kittaveli Is there an ETA on the mixtape ?  Needs me some more Kitty in my life . 
9	Office Quote of the Day :   " Hipster chicks love spunk ,  why do you think they all wear glasses ?  " 
9	Im now ranked Dedicated  ( top 40 %  )  in Fibrillation on Raptr !  
9	Only 50 %  of my throat is tonsil now .  Think Im winning . 
9	Workmen that prefer an early start are generally the ones that do the best work in my experience .  Must be an attitude thing . 
9	I feel incredibly disconnected from everything around me at the moment .  Something is missing and I dont know what . 
9	Im now ranked Elite  ( top 10 %  )  in DLC Quest on Raptr !  
9	Im now ranked Dedicated  ( top 40 %  )  in Organ Trail :  Directors Cut on Raptr !  
9	Call me uncultured ,  but I could NEVER get into Downton Abbey . 
9	 @ refreshcreation Drake just came in ,  pointed at you desk and said  " Where gone ?  "  .  Asked for you before Izzy . 
9	Im now ranked Dedicated  ( top 40 %  )  in Fallout :  New Vegas on Raptr !  
9	 @ marcseabridge Killer .  Also a good tip for a rookie like me . 
9	Im now ranked Dedicated  ( top 40 %  )  in AaaaA !   -  A Reckless Disregard for Gravity on .  .  .  
9	Im now ranked Dedicated  ( top 40 %  )  in F . 3 . A . R .  on Raptr !  
9	 @ kittaveli Stopping eating bread works for me . 
9	Lord Tumble is a smooth dude .   # swag
9	Im down .   # BurialXmasNo1
9	It is amazing how many printer problems I solve in my dreams .  Should register for overtime really . 
9	Im now ranked Elite  ( top 10 %  )  in AaaaA !   -  A Reckless Disregard for Gravity on Raptr !  
9	 @ playouya Havent had confirmation of my username yet .  Should I be worried ? 
9	Ohmygod ,  OH ,  MY LITERAL GOD !  
9	Scary stuff in the skies of Russia .  Thoughts going out to anyone affected .   # RussianMeteor
9	Im now ranked Hardcore  ( top 20 %  )  in Thirty Flights of Loving on Raptr !  
9	Im now ranked Dedicated  ( top 40 %  )  in Zombie Driver HD on Raptr !  
9	Jurassic Park actually holds up really well for a 19 year old film . 
9	Trap Sheeeiit . 
9	Im now ranked Experienced  ( top 60 %  )  in Cognition :  Episode 1  -  The Hangman on Raptr !  
9	Im now ranked Dedicated  ( top 40 %  )  in Cognition :  Episode 1  -  The Hangman on Raptr !  
9	Been on the new MySpace for a couple of days and already have bands adding me .  Not checking them out just out of principle . 
9	This pot of Pringles has no chance of making it to the end of todays shift .  I am one hungry little monster . 
9	 # IndieGalaFlash  !  6 Amazing games including MinerWars2081 ,  Paranormal ,  EDF and more !  Support  # charity !  Use sliders !  
9	Im now ranked Elite  ( top 10 %  )  in Fallout :  New Vegas on Raptr !  
9	Im now ranked Experienced  ( top 60 %  )  in Dinner Date on Raptr !  
9	Cars explode easily in Smallville . 
9	Im now ranked Dedicated  ( top 40 %  )  in Tomb Raider Underworld on Raptr !  
9	Im now ranked Dedicated  ( top 40 %  )  in Bastion on Raptr !  
9	Fuck .  The world ends tomorrow and I still havent completed Mass Effect 3 .  My life has been for nothing . 
9	Finally got another ergonomic keyboard .  Its good to be able to type without pain . 
9	Epic ,  gangsta - ass desktop wallpaper .  .  . secured .   # swag 
9	The office has biscuits ,  Quality Street and there is talk of a junk food run also .  I am going to die of a heart attack before Christmas . 
