2	 @ BBCJonHunt Either not English or not paying attention or both Sometimes  ( from experience )  you hear what you expect to hear .  Human Factors
2	 @ BBCJonHunt  @ bbcsoutheast Someobody is going to be dragged over very hot coals by the CAA
2	I used to believe that Marxism and technology were incompatible but today Im not so sure .  Welcome to the aftermath of the old economy . 
2	Research from Sweden shows that 1 %  of population commits 68 %  of violent crime .  Wonder if  this figure is consistent across developed nations
2	 @ UK _ Crisis  @ BBCBreaking Manston airport kent 
2	Ships sheltering from the gale off Margate at 10pm shown with Shipfinder App 
2	Going to see if I can photo the recently uncovered WW1 U - Boat on the Hoo Peninsula on the way back to Manston 
2	Outside devising a strategy to save the greenhouse from the wind and more bad weather still to come tonight 
2	 @ BBCPanorama like Australia ,  UK needs skilled and educated migrants .  Its the unskilled  & amp ;  uncounted that worry people and encourage UKIP
2	 @ margatearchi  @ mongoose3228 the operative word being mooted it was discussed at great length in a Council meeting ages ago . 
2	If this story is in any way true its shocking .  The Trade Union ,  UNITE is very active in Thanets  Labour politics :  
2	Once that Xmas feeling has worn off its time to watch The Sound of Music 
2	One trashed Cessna at Manston .  Attached to 3 concrete blocks and still dragged through the fence by the wind 
2	I count 21 ships sheltering off Margate waiting for the big storm  # ikstorm13 
2	Ar least here on the north Kent coast the ships are on the lee side of the storm seas raging in the English Channel .  
2	 @ mongoose3228 yes I saw earlier .  They must be delighted ! 
2	More storm damage in Westgate with scaffolding collapse 
2	 @ ruskin147 I find it interesting that my teenage daughter at Uni  & amp ;  her friends dont use Facebook .  Suggests something ? 
2	 @ BBCSimonJones Al Jazeera mate .  I can introduce you if you like and its tax free in Qatar too ! 
2	 @ ruskin147 Im told that half the population of Mogadishu check Facebook at least once a week ! 
2	Is this a robot telemarketer ?  Can you tell the difference or are all those outsourced Indian call centres obsolete ?  
2	 @ bbcsoutheast  @ SkyNewsBreak based on my photo flight over the flooded Medway valley earlier it cant take any more heavy rain
2	 @ glynmoody  @ duncanhart  I found the Bavarian MOJ study from 2005 .  If you want the PDF ,  pls send me a direct message with your email
2	Your iPhone is now a homing beacon  ( but its easy to turn off )  
2	Theres an irony that while Im reading The Twilight of the U - boats I happen to find one .  
2	 @ margatearchi Parkway is simply a halt to stimulate Manston connection  & amp ;  provide parking Ramsgate cant accommodate .  Odd position by Scobie ? 
2	Delighted to see the Daily Mail has taken my U - boat story 
2	Found the U - Boat sticking out of the mud following last weeks tidal surge in the Thames Estuary .  Aerial photos follow soon
2	In 10 years how will we incorporate some 10 %   -  15 %  of the working population into a economy that is rapidly moving away from them ? 
2	Genetic science is now advancing so rapidly that it may unwittingly resurrect theories that society is quite unprepared to discuss . 
2	When you see the type of robots made by the company Google just bought ,  you may wonder where this is all going ?  
2	Just been over to Manston to make sure my aircraft is triply secured .  Its forecast to be a wild night . 
2	 @ margatearchi  @ mongoose3228 I would describe your previous Tweet as a somewhat radical suggestion
2	Es una cosa muy seria 
2	If I was to speculate then I would wonder if appointing a LiBDem as Justice Minister today offers a clue on the PMs speech to EU tomorrow ? 
2	Things that are equal to the same thing are equal to each other Lincoln quoting Euclid and a powerful performance by Daniel Day Lewis
2	History happened and few noticed .  The Chinese land a robot vehicle on the moon ,  the first since 1976 .  One day soon they will own it . 
2	Sad to see the passing of  # PeterOToole  .  His Lawrence of Arabia  & amp ;   " Lion in Winter films were both inspirational performances in cinema . 
2	My old university town of Portland ,  Maine looks more like Alaska today .  It always had lots of snow but I cant recall seeing that much . 
2	Looking ahead to the economic potential of todays technology in 2025 
2	 @ lorrainecfoster unfortunately tied down outside with a vengeance so hope its there in the morning unscathed
2	Theres daggers in mens smiles and in 2013 we discovered distrust at the very heart of the most trusted industry .  
2	 @ glynmoody  @ duncanhart Will look in the UNISYS folder of my PC in the morning and if I can find the paper I will share it . 
2	 @ MaxFalconScott Merry Christmas  .  .  .  .  ! 
2	The shape of things to come today .  Shoppers in Londons West - end Boxing Day sales appear overwhelmingly Chinese on camera
2	Invited to kick of the 2014 conference circuit with a talk at  " Securing the Law Firm "  in London .  Big Topic .   
2	 # bbcpanorama after watching Panorama tonight I can only conclude that Margate is about to be over - run by pharmacists and concert pianists
2	 @ razdaz66 Rarely does one encounter such uniformed drivel polished to such opinionated perfection ! 
2	Just trying to get my head around the report one of the Greenpeace activists complained that the Russian prison had no vegetarian menu . 
2	 @ MurnaghanSky Woeful debate about UKIP  & amp ;  Conservatives .  How about a little political balance ? 
2	How far out of touch with the worries of the population does Nick Clegg have to drift before he sinks without trace ?  
2	Wonder if anyone will try to buy a £1 million  # Stradivarius violin in Bit - coin ?  Youve until 2pm to make your bid at auction . 
2	Novel idea for a new BBC series  # strictlybaking where middle - aged celebrity presenters  & amp ;  journalists mix dough with dance ? 
2	Up and running with  @ btinfinity broadband .  Having this high speed Internet into the house is a game changer
2	No buses running through Westgate to Canterbury this morning .  Have to drive my daughter to university .  Anyone know what the problem is ? 
2	If everyone on earth was given the same standard of living as you  & amp ;  I then global consumption be the same as adding over 60 billion people
2	Not quite the Sky News coverage I might have wished for at Xmas 
2	 @ bbcsoutheast This invariably down to a question of whether Councillors are always on duty or whether they are permitted to hold opinions ? 
2	 @ dance4joseph Im not aware of any conversation about Ramsgate station being decommissioned .  It was all about facilitating  @ KIAMANSTON
2	Taken the plunge and upgraded to  # btinfinity on my local exchange .  Westgate - on - Sea has 80mb broadband available and has entered 21st century
2	Rubbish collection problems in Thanet perhaps its because you cant read says Cllr Poole  47 : 45sec  into the video 
2	Looking at todays strong economic figures hands - up all who would have preferred Ed Balls solution of borrowing our way out of recession ? 
2	 @ duncanhart Sorry Duncan ,  its several years past and I havent got a clue where it went .  If it crops up I will let you know
2	The question to ask in the  # fracking debate is not when we will run out of energy but what lengths we will go to in exploiting what remains ? 
2	 @ glynmoody  @ duncanhart Munich and Linux were a massive concern for Microsoft EMEA at the time and I may have written about it for CW
2	Of the 21 ships sheltering in the bay in front of my home ,  those anchored further - out are exposed to the gale .  
2	 @ MaxFalconScott to paraphrase John Kennedy ,  the Chinese put a rover on the Moon Because  they can What follows next is the future
2	 @ mongoose3228 as you might imagine here in Thanet ,  the educational challenges could occasionally be significant among some smaller outlets
2	Liverpool PCSO falls over 3 fence while investigating burglary  & amp ;  successfully sues landowner .   Lunatics now firmly in charge of asylum
2	 @ ruskin147 Im going on the gambling industry figures and the concerns expressed over whether it is the platform or was the platform
2	 @ razdaz66 your hearts in the right place and I actually know of Councillors who struggle as much as anyone else to make ends meet
2	 @ RolandRudd  @ nick _ clegg there are not many German lawyers and Dutch accountants hanging around on the street corners of Margate and Dover
2	 @ Channel4News reports that recruitment to  # AlShebab suicide brigade is up .  Some of us look forward to a future of full employment
2	 @ mongoose3228  @ margatearchi Im always reluctant to see development spread into the green belt I also recognise need in the local economy
2	Ed Balls says Labour would balance the budget in government through growth ,  jobs and fairness .  Meaningless soundbite politics not policies
2	 @ duncanhart when I used this as a slide in a recent presentation I described it as paranoia but proved wrong by events ! 
2	 @ ruskin147 Its reached us here in Thanet  ( 60mbps )  but its an incremental £30 a month from BT to have it  Placing it out of reach of most
2	One badly damaged aircraft 
2	 @ channel4news one small dogs reaction to your Google Boston Dynamics robot news report 
2	Clegg says it .   " The EU is the worlds single largest borderless Market "  Good !  But why do we have to be ruled from Brussels not Westminster ? 
2	 @ TBMargate Yes .  .  this is universal and mirrors the USA .  The Western economic model is changing painfully as the force of globalism bites . 
2	 # bbcpanorama viewers can only conclude there are two issues .  Romanian migration is open to discussion ,  the other ,  the Roma is more difficult
2	 @ HillmanGaryukip any particular dam in mind ?  Fresh out of Lancaster bombers but do have a Cessna
2	Just upgraded to a  @ VodafoneUK Apple iPhone 5s with 4G the change in speed makes my iPhone4s look pedestrian .  Blazingly fast in contrast . 
2	 @ skystephen imagine 3 generations on from the  # jawbone bracelet you are wearing .  F1style instrumentation will soon monitor our vital signs
2	 @ willscobie  @ margatearchi  " Impact on Thanet other stations "  Clearly on another planet from everyone else .  Soundbite politics at its worst ! 
2	Interesting read .  The future cost of mass leaks .  Manning and Snowden .  
2	While Afghanistan may be Mission Accomplished I cant but notice that the English referee in a friendly football game is carrying a gun . 
2	Interesting remark from  @ Channel4News wealthy pensioners who dont deserve it who makes these judgements ? 
2	I have taught in Saudi Arabia visited universities across the Arab world ,  Kuwait Bahrain etc  & amp ;  only seen segregation in Saudi  @ Channel4News
2	While the debate surrounding Fracking rages ,  lets remind ourselves that oil reserves are projected to run out in 42 years and gas in 60
2	 @ bbcsoutheast  " Counsellors "  are what you expect when you call the Samaritans  " Councillors "  are local politicians that may need  " Counselling " 
2	My personal thoughts following - on from last nights  # bbcpanorama programme on migration .  
2	 @ bbcsoutheast todays funny .  Thanks for your original U Boat story which I developed 
2	A Worrying Trend for 2014 ?  How Marketers Use Big Data To Prey On The Poor 
2	The Americans call it Democratised Accuracy I call it a very worrying development in firearms technology 
2	 @ glynmoody Putting my ageing memory on the spot .  Ageing infrastructure PCs and UNISYS had a big ES7000 project . 
2	 @ SkyLornaD My great uncle describes the first action of the Great War on 23rd August 1914 in which he took part ;  
2	 @ KateWilliamsUK My great uncle describes the first action of the Great War on 23rd August 1914 in which he took part ;  
2	 @ BBCPanorama it may be useful to reveal to viewers that selling The Big Issue is a self employment loophole exploited by Romanian migrants
2	 @ rdsmithTW dark blue vessels on the map are passenger ships trying to ride out the storm in the Channel 
2	A little like Thunderbirds .  Can I fly a banner now ,  before dark .  Visions of my sofa rotating into the wall .  FAB .  
2	RSA is now facing one of the biggest corporate reputation management problems since BP and Enron .  Confidence in security badly compromised . 
2	In 2013 things happened more quickly than at any other time in human history 
2	 @ margatearchi my experience is that its Canterbury out of hours .  Its both sad ,  awkward for those without transport and expensive . 
2	Arguing with the supervisor of an Indian telemarketer over his awful command of English this story made me think .  
2	Some quite large ships moving in off Margate .  Bad weather must be close .  11 so far . 
2	 @ Channel4News what we need to worry about is not Reaper drones today but Autonomous Lethality tomorrow in Generation IIi
2	How Robots Will Change the World  -  BBC Documentary 
2	 @ itvmeridian help yourself
2	 " Have you ever seen an elephant fly ?  "  The argument in favour of a four runway airport on Kents Isle of Grain  @ bbcsoutheast
2	Only TV news involves Nelson Mandela  & amp ;  Susanna Reid .  Nothing else happening .  Have to watch Russia Today which has no  # strictlycomedancing
2	Ive a wild political theory that the BBC ,  with programmes like  # bbcpanorama tonight are working tirelessly to pave the way for Ed Miliband
2	Happy New year and Thinking ahead .  
2	The last Thanet Council meeting is now online .  See any debate on the EU and local concerns firmly rejected by Labour 
2	Just been flying over Maidstone and Yalding ,  the extent of the flooding along the Medway valley is beyond anything I have ever  seen before
2	 @ glynmoody  @ duncanhart  @ RSAsecurity  @ EMCcorp possibly one of biggest reputation management problems since BP and Enron
2	 @ mongoose3228 yes .  .  goes back to my time .  Complex issue ,  limited resources and poor efficiency .  Dynamite was required . 
2	 @ SkyNews  @ SkyNewsBreak its not an Amnesty Law its an Amnesty
2	I do rather like the NSA LOL - CAT Obviously a sense of humour !  
2	The big 3 Macro - trends and opportunities over the next decade 
2	Fast reaching a situation where there will be more airworthy Spitfires in private hands than operational front - line fighters in the RAF . 
2	 @ margatearchi  @ mongoose3228 of course but nowhere have I ever seen such a radical plan suggested
2	 " Politics is simply the mechanism by which we decide who eats and who starves "  Preparing for 9 billion people in the next decade
2	Waiting for a small hurricane to arrive and yet someone calls to ask if I can fly a Sorry message for his girlfriend ? 
2	In 1933 this qualified as the state of the art wide screen TV or simply a Tele - Vision 
2	For future watchers I see the last volume of ARC magazine is available as a Kindle download on special offer from Amazon  @ arcfinity
2	 @ ruskin147 Prediction is very difficult ,  especially if its about the future as Michael Fish once discovered Facebook has a long way to go
2	Given the broadly dysfunctional nature of the Russian state apparatus ,  assurances over  # Sochi2014 are unlikely to inspire confidence
2	 @ jonsnowC4 in your report on Google ,  your robotics expert was evidentially wrong on productivity ,  automation and employment .  Its a problem ! 
2	The most popular gift this Xmas is a tablet computer .  Elsewhere 2 . 6 billion people have nothing we would recognise as a toilet
2	Perhaps CBE should now stand for , Celebrity of the British Empire as it might make more sense in the annual honours list parade ? 
2	 @ skystephen I used to be your technology expert on news ten years ago before I moved out of London 
2	 @ margatearchi  @ mongoose3228 you said loss of Train service which harks back to the original alarmism which surrounded the subject
2	Interesting piece of medical research that eating nuts just once per week gives 11 %  reduction in death .   
2	 @ BBCJonHunt thanks Jon and Merry Xmas to you .  Need to locate and buy another suitable Cessna ASAP
2	Reflections from a warmly padded cell .  
2	Protecting Thanet from the Armada .  HMS Severn stationed off Margate today sends a strong message to the Spaniards 
2	 @ skystephen we need to distinguish between those that come to work  & amp ;  those that come to leverage the underground economy  & amp ;  benefits system . 
2	 @ mongoose3228 impressing the importance of public health standards on some businesses unfamiliar with what is expected can prove a challenge
2	 @ BBCSimonJones thank you Some might Quip that Cllr Driver should be given his own dressing room at BBC SE Today with his name on the door . 
2	 @ BBCSimonJones We do have a political opposition in Thanet other than Cllr Ian Driver and are always available to comment
2	Just indulged in Sainsburys best quality mature camel joint for New Year .  Dogs appreciated it even if we didnt .  Wheres that can of beans ? 
2	Reflections from a warmly padded cell .  
2	aircraft recovery underway 
2	 @ ruskin147 Recalling two happy years of the tech report on Sky News Im reminded of Freeserve and Yahoo .  
2	 @ PMGallagher1 sent it over to you ! 
2	If you dont watch  # strictlycomedancing tonight the BBC know where you live .  You will be sent to Manchester  & amp ;  politically re - educated
2	Because of a loophole in the definition of self employment a third of Big Issue vendors are now from eastern Europe 
2	 @ glynmoody  @ duncanhart it was a massive integration project for the Bavarian government .  I wrote a case study for  # UNISYS back when it began
2	A jungle adventure in Calais ?  May have to go over  & amp ;  photograph the growing tented village  next week .  Theres a growing refugee crisis
2	Try to emigrate to Australia and you are judged on what you can give and what you will take .  By comparison the UK looks more take than give
2	 @ mongoose3228 quite agree .  Cllr Poole is your man unless it s switched now to Cllr Fenner
2	 @ ruskin147 Only if they have a formal social media policy .  Its a vexing subject and I will be speaking at  " Securing the Law Firm "  in Jan . 
2	Greenhouse trashed by storm and Manston just called to tell me my aircraft trashed too  @ BBC southeast 
2	Fabulous sunshine at Margate today .  Ive been out taking photos .  
2	Nick Cleggs views on EU Migration are now as irrelevant to the weight of public opinion as Nick Clegg . 
2	What Yalding near Maidstone looked like before sunset today 
2	Government in several EU accession states is loosely modelled on the script of the popular TV series ,  The Sopranos and Brussels knows it . 
2	More than I expected taking opportunistic snaps yesterday !  
2	Reading Wilfred Thesigers Arabian Sands with a deep sense of nostalgia for past adventures 
2	Thanet and its more colourful councillors feature in The Independent on Sunday 
2	Vince Cables ill - considered comments on immigration reminds me of Shakespeare The sheeted dead did squeak and gibber in the Roman streets
2	 @ ruskin147 average Facebook user is now a 45 year old woman from the last stats I saw .  Losing its constituency among the young . 
2	Another new buzzword in the lexicon of politically correct policing .  Community Resolution whatever that means in our dystopic society
2	Nobody seems to be offering the heavy lift solutions to the budget deficit but Lib  & amp ;  Lab want to inflict pain on those they perceive as rich
2	 @ razdaz66 perhaps im being self critical ? 
2	 @ BBCBreakfast As the new Stonehenge visitor centre opens I can remember walking among the great monument freely as a boy .  £18 seems a lot . 
2	 @ MarkReckless  @ DanHannanMEP Plenty of work for him hunting wild bores around the Westminster village then ?  Cant wait . 
2	My Xmas lunch interrupted by a phone call .  Can I fly a banner for a someone stuck at the airport in Saudi Arabia ?  Errr .  .  .  No  . Bit far away
2	 @ rdsmithTW when I left school I worked on the hovercraft in some bad Channel gales but cant imagine a Force 12 .  Terrifying ! 
2	A giant of history but before hes even laid to rest the argument over who owns the Mandela name ,  trademark and copyright starts to surface
2	 @ bbcsoutheast if Cllrs decline Brightons Diversity Training or ignore any sanction then what ?  They cant be compelled ? 
2	RSA accuse William Snowden of telling porkies while M & amp ; S warns customers carrying porkies that some checkout staff may not accept them . 
2	Moderate minimum wages do more good than harm .  They should be set by technocrats not politicians 
2	Preparing tomorrows flight just in case  & amp ;  the software says its impossible !  Present wind conditions at 1 , 000 feet greater than my airspeed . 
2	Ive been warning politicians about this for some time .  Good to see it surface in the press .  
2	Each one of us is a casualty of a Data Protection Act that protects a  finance industry from liability rather than its customers from fraud
2	In deep sheep !  Council tax payers face the risk of a legal bill of over £1million over the attempt to ban animal exports from Ramsgate
2	 @ margatearchi good to know .  . TX
2	 @ razdaz66 kind words indeed .  Thank you . 
2	 @ duncanhart InfoSec industry is rocking on its heels this year
2	 @ tonylarks  Happy Days .  .  I can recall 1200 baud from the office at 225 Regent Street in about 1984 .  Think its the Apple Centre now .  ironic ! 
2	 @ glynmoody Massive amounts of legacy kit .  Bavarian Ministry of Justice ,  regional governments ,  etc etc
2	Deeply frustrating .  The media urgently want photos of the flood damage in Surrey at a premium and of course ,  my aircraft is a wreck
2	 @ ruskin147 Correcting my earlier Tweet  research has 90 %  of UK Social Games on Facebook ,   70 %  Social gamers are women ,  averaging 43 years
2	 @ LesleyMDunders  no its over outside the hangar at TG triple tied down to blocks of concrete to stop it flying away on its own .  .  .  I hope ! 
2	 @ mongoose3228  @ margatearchi normally the case unless options are limited
2	 @ ThanetCouncil helpful facts are invariably of no great interest to the BBC when they can call on Cllr Driver for an opinion instead
