23	 @ BBCJonHunt Either not English or not paying attention or both Sometimes  ( from experience )  you hear what you expect to hear .  Human Factors
23	 @ BBCJonHunt  @ bbcsoutheast Someobody is going to be dragged over very hot coals by the CAA
23	I used to believe that Marxism and technology were incompatible but today Im not so sure .  Welcome to the aftermath of the old economy . 
23	Research from Sweden shows that 1 %  of population commits 68 %  of violent crime .  Wonder if  this figure is consistent across developed nations
23	 @ UK _ Crisis  @ BBCBreaking Manston airport kent 
23	Ships sheltering from the gale off Margate at 10pm shown with Shipfinder App 
23	Going to see if I can photo the recently uncovered WW1 U - Boat on the Hoo Peninsula on the way back to Manston 
23	Outside devising a strategy to save the greenhouse from the wind and more bad weather still to come tonight 
23	 @ BBCPanorama like Australia ,  UK needs skilled and educated migrants .  Its the unskilled  & amp ;  uncounted that worry people and encourage UKIP
23	 @ margatearchi  @ mongoose3228 the operative word being mooted it was discussed at great length in a Council meeting ages ago . 
23	If this story is in any way true its shocking .  The Trade Union ,  UNITE is very active in Thanets  Labour politics :  
23	Once that Xmas feeling has worn off its time to watch The Sound of Music 
23	One trashed Cessna at Manston .  Attached to 3 concrete blocks and still dragged through the fence by the wind 
23	I count 21 ships sheltering off Margate waiting for the big storm  # ikstorm13 
23	Ar least here on the north Kent coast the ships are on the lee side of the storm seas raging in the English Channel .  
23	 @ mongoose3228 yes I saw earlier .  They must be delighted ! 
23	More storm damage in Westgate with scaffolding collapse 
23	 @ ruskin147 I find it interesting that my teenage daughter at Uni  & amp ;  her friends dont use Facebook .  Suggests something ? 
23	 @ BBCSimonJones Al Jazeera mate .  I can introduce you if you like and its tax free in Qatar too ! 
23	 @ ruskin147 Im told that half the population of Mogadishu check Facebook at least once a week ! 
23	Is this a robot telemarketer ?  Can you tell the difference or are all those outsourced Indian call centres obsolete ?  
23	 @ bbcsoutheast  @ SkyNewsBreak based on my photo flight over the flooded Medway valley earlier it cant take any more heavy rain
23	 @ glynmoody  @ duncanhart  I found the Bavarian MOJ study from 2005 .  If you want the PDF ,  pls send me a direct message with your email
23	Your iPhone is now a homing beacon  ( but its easy to turn off )  
23	Theres an irony that while Im reading The Twilight of the U - boats I happen to find one .  
23	 @ margatearchi Parkway is simply a halt to stimulate Manston connection  & amp ;  provide parking Ramsgate cant accommodate .  Odd position by Scobie ? 
23	Delighted to see the Daily Mail has taken my U - boat story 
23	Found the U - Boat sticking out of the mud following last weeks tidal surge in the Thames Estuary .  Aerial photos follow soon
23	In 10 years how will we incorporate some 10 %   -  15 %  of the working population into a economy that is rapidly moving away from them ? 
23	Genetic science is now advancing so rapidly that it may unwittingly resurrect theories that society is quite unprepared to discuss . 
23	When you see the type of robots made by the company Google just bought ,  you may wonder where this is all going ?  
23	Just been over to Manston to make sure my aircraft is triply secured .  Its forecast to be a wild night . 
23	 @ margatearchi  @ mongoose3228 I would describe your previous Tweet as a somewhat radical suggestion
23	Es una cosa muy seria 
23	If I was to speculate then I would wonder if appointing a LiBDem as Justice Minister today offers a clue on the PMs speech to EU tomorrow ? 
23	Things that are equal to the same thing are equal to each other Lincoln quoting Euclid and a powerful performance by Daniel Day Lewis
23	History happened and few noticed .  The Chinese land a robot vehicle on the moon ,  the first since 1976 .  One day soon they will own it . 
23	Sad to see the passing of  # PeterOToole  .  His Lawrence of Arabia  & amp ;   " Lion in Winter films were both inspirational performances in cinema . 
23	My old university town of Portland ,  Maine looks more like Alaska today .  It always had lots of snow but I cant recall seeing that much . 
23	Looking ahead to the economic potential of todays technology in 2025 
23	 @ lorrainecfoster unfortunately tied down outside with a vengeance so hope its there in the morning unscathed
23	Theres daggers in mens smiles and in 2013 we discovered distrust at the very heart of the most trusted industry .  
23	 @ glynmoody  @ duncanhart Will look in the UNISYS folder of my PC in the morning and if I can find the paper I will share it . 
23	 @ MaxFalconScott Merry Christmas  .  .  .  .  ! 
23	The shape of things to come today .  Shoppers in Londons West - end Boxing Day sales appear overwhelmingly Chinese on camera
23	Invited to kick of the 2014 conference circuit with a talk at  " Securing the Law Firm "  in London .  Big Topic .   
23	 # bbcpanorama after watching Panorama tonight I can only conclude that Margate is about to be over - run by pharmacists and concert pianists
23	 @ razdaz66 Rarely does one encounter such uniformed drivel polished to such opinionated perfection ! 
23	Just trying to get my head around the report one of the Greenpeace activists complained that the Russian prison had no vegetarian menu . 
23	 @ MurnaghanSky Woeful debate about UKIP  & amp ;  Conservatives .  How about a little political balance ? 
23	How far out of touch with the worries of the population does Nick Clegg have to drift before he sinks without trace ?  
23	Wonder if anyone will try to buy a £1 million  # Stradivarius violin in Bit - coin ?  Youve until 2pm to make your bid at auction . 
23	Novel idea for a new BBC series  # strictlybaking where middle - aged celebrity presenters  & amp ;  journalists mix dough with dance ? 
23	Up and running with  @ btinfinity broadband .  Having this high speed Internet into the house is a game changer
23	No buses running through Westgate to Canterbury this morning .  Have to drive my daughter to university .  Anyone know what the problem is ? 
23	If everyone on earth was given the same standard of living as you  & amp ;  I then global consumption be the same as adding over 60 billion people
23	Not quite the Sky News coverage I might have wished for at Xmas 
23	 @ bbcsoutheast This invariably down to a question of whether Councillors are always on duty or whether they are permitted to hold opinions ? 
23	 @ dance4joseph Im not aware of any conversation about Ramsgate station being decommissioned .  It was all about facilitating  @ KIAMANSTON
23	Taken the plunge and upgraded to  # btinfinity on my local exchange .  Westgate - on - Sea has 80mb broadband available and has entered 21st century
23	Rubbish collection problems in Thanet perhaps its because you cant read says Cllr Poole  47 : 45sec  into the video 
23	Looking at todays strong economic figures hands - up all who would have preferred Ed Balls solution of borrowing our way out of recession ? 
23	 @ duncanhart Sorry Duncan ,  its several years past and I havent got a clue where it went .  If it crops up I will let you know
23	The question to ask in the  # fracking debate is not when we will run out of energy but what lengths we will go to in exploiting what remains ? 
23	 @ glynmoody  @ duncanhart Munich and Linux were a massive concern for Microsoft EMEA at the time and I may have written about it for CW
23	Of the 21 ships sheltering in the bay in front of my home ,  those anchored further - out are exposed to the gale .  
23	 @ MaxFalconScott to paraphrase John Kennedy ,  the Chinese put a rover on the Moon Because  they can What follows next is the future
23	 @ mongoose3228 as you might imagine here in Thanet ,  the educational challenges could occasionally be significant among some smaller outlets
23	Liverpool PCSO falls over 3 fence while investigating burglary  & amp ;  successfully sues landowner .   Lunatics now firmly in charge of asylum
23	 @ ruskin147 Im going on the gambling industry figures and the concerns expressed over whether it is the platform or was the platform
23	 @ razdaz66 your hearts in the right place and I actually know of Councillors who struggle as much as anyone else to make ends meet
23	 @ RolandRudd  @ nick _ clegg there are not many German lawyers and Dutch accountants hanging around on the street corners of Margate and Dover
23	 @ Channel4News reports that recruitment to  # AlShebab suicide brigade is up .  Some of us look forward to a future of full employment
23	 @ mongoose3228  @ margatearchi Im always reluctant to see development spread into the green belt I also recognise need in the local economy
23	Ed Balls says Labour would balance the budget in government through growth ,  jobs and fairness .  Meaningless soundbite politics not policies
23	 @ duncanhart when I used this as a slide in a recent presentation I described it as paranoia but proved wrong by events ! 
23	 @ ruskin147 Its reached us here in Thanet  ( 60mbps )  but its an incremental £30 a month from BT to have it  Placing it out of reach of most
23	One badly damaged aircraft 
23	 @ channel4news one small dogs reaction to your Google Boston Dynamics robot news report 
23	Clegg says it .   " The EU is the worlds single largest borderless Market "  Good !  But why do we have to be ruled from Brussels not Westminster ? 
23	 @ TBMargate Yes .  .  this is universal and mirrors the USA .  The Western economic model is changing painfully as the force of globalism bites . 
23	 # bbcpanorama viewers can only conclude there are two issues .  Romanian migration is open to discussion ,  the other ,  the Roma is more difficult
23	 @ HillmanGaryukip any particular dam in mind ?  Fresh out of Lancaster bombers but do have a Cessna
23	Just upgraded to a  @ VodafoneUK Apple iPhone 5s with 4G the change in speed makes my iPhone4s look pedestrian .  Blazingly fast in contrast . 
23	 @ skystephen imagine 3 generations on from the  # jawbone bracelet you are wearing .  F1style instrumentation will soon monitor our vital signs
23	 @ willscobie  @ margatearchi  " Impact on Thanet other stations "  Clearly on another planet from everyone else .  Soundbite politics at its worst ! 
23	Interesting read .  The future cost of mass leaks .  Manning and Snowden .  
23	While Afghanistan may be Mission Accomplished I cant but notice that the English referee in a friendly football game is carrying a gun . 
23	Interesting remark from  @ Channel4News wealthy pensioners who dont deserve it who makes these judgements ? 
23	I have taught in Saudi Arabia visited universities across the Arab world ,  Kuwait Bahrain etc  & amp ;  only seen segregation in Saudi  @ Channel4News
23	While the debate surrounding Fracking rages ,  lets remind ourselves that oil reserves are projected to run out in 42 years and gas in 60
23	 @ bbcsoutheast  " Counsellors "  are what you expect when you call the Samaritans  " Councillors "  are local politicians that may need  " Counselling " 
23	My personal thoughts following - on from last nights  # bbcpanorama programme on migration .  
23	 @ bbcsoutheast todays funny .  Thanks for your original U Boat story which I developed 
23	A Worrying Trend for 2014 ?  How Marketers Use Big Data To Prey On The Poor 
23	The Americans call it Democratised Accuracy I call it a very worrying development in firearms technology 
23	 @ glynmoody Putting my ageing memory on the spot .  Ageing infrastructure PCs and UNISYS had a big ES7000 project . 
23	 @ SkyLornaD My great uncle describes the first action of the Great War on 23rd August 1914 in which he took part ;  
23	 @ KateWilliamsUK My great uncle describes the first action of the Great War on 23rd August 1914 in which he took part ;  
23	 @ BBCPanorama it may be useful to reveal to viewers that selling The Big Issue is a self employment loophole exploited by Romanian migrants
23	 @ rdsmithTW dark blue vessels on the map are passenger ships trying to ride out the storm in the Channel 
23	A little like Thunderbirds .  Can I fly a banner now ,  before dark .  Visions of my sofa rotating into the wall .  FAB .  
23	RSA is now facing one of the biggest corporate reputation management problems since BP and Enron .  Confidence in security badly compromised . 
23	In 2013 things happened more quickly than at any other time in human history 
23	 @ margatearchi my experience is that its Canterbury out of hours .  Its both sad ,  awkward for those without transport and expensive . 
23	Arguing with the supervisor of an Indian telemarketer over his awful command of English this story made me think .  
23	Some quite large ships moving in off Margate .  Bad weather must be close .  11 so far . 
23	 @ Channel4News what we need to worry about is not Reaper drones today but Autonomous Lethality tomorrow in Generation IIi
23	How Robots Will Change the World  -  BBC Documentary 
23	 @ itvmeridian help yourself
23	 " Have you ever seen an elephant fly ?  "  The argument in favour of a four runway airport on Kents Isle of Grain  @ bbcsoutheast
23	Only TV news involves Nelson Mandela  & amp ;  Susanna Reid .  Nothing else happening .  Have to watch Russia Today which has no  # strictlycomedancing
23	Ive a wild political theory that the BBC ,  with programmes like  # bbcpanorama tonight are working tirelessly to pave the way for Ed Miliband
23	Happy New year and Thinking ahead .  
23	The last Thanet Council meeting is now online .  See any debate on the EU and local concerns firmly rejected by Labour 
23	Just been flying over Maidstone and Yalding ,  the extent of the flooding along the Medway valley is beyond anything I have ever  seen before
23	 @ glynmoody  @ duncanhart  @ RSAsecurity  @ EMCcorp possibly one of biggest reputation management problems since BP and Enron
23	 @ mongoose3228 yes .  .  goes back to my time .  Complex issue ,  limited resources and poor efficiency .  Dynamite was required . 
23	 @ SkyNews  @ SkyNewsBreak its not an Amnesty Law its an Amnesty
23	I do rather like the NSA LOL - CAT Obviously a sense of humour !  
23	The big 3 Macro - trends and opportunities over the next decade 
23	Fast reaching a situation where there will be more airworthy Spitfires in private hands than operational front - line fighters in the RAF . 
23	 @ margatearchi  @ mongoose3228 of course but nowhere have I ever seen such a radical plan suggested
23	 " Politics is simply the mechanism by which we decide who eats and who starves "  Preparing for 9 billion people in the next decade
23	Waiting for a small hurricane to arrive and yet someone calls to ask if I can fly a Sorry message for his girlfriend ? 
23	In 1933 this qualified as the state of the art wide screen TV or simply a Tele - Vision 
23	For future watchers I see the last volume of ARC magazine is available as a Kindle download on special offer from Amazon  @ arcfinity
23	 @ ruskin147 Prediction is very difficult ,  especially if its about the future as Michael Fish once discovered Facebook has a long way to go
23	Given the broadly dysfunctional nature of the Russian state apparatus ,  assurances over  # Sochi2014 are unlikely to inspire confidence
23	 @ jonsnowC4 in your report on Google ,  your robotics expert was evidentially wrong on productivity ,  automation and employment .  Its a problem ! 
23	The most popular gift this Xmas is a tablet computer .  Elsewhere 2 . 6 billion people have nothing we would recognise as a toilet
23	Perhaps CBE should now stand for , Celebrity of the British Empire as it might make more sense in the annual honours list parade ? 
23	 @ skystephen I used to be your technology expert on news ten years ago before I moved out of London 
23	 @ margatearchi  @ mongoose3228 you said loss of Train service which harks back to the original alarmism which surrounded the subject
23	Interesting piece of medical research that eating nuts just once per week gives 11 %  reduction in death .   
23	 @ BBCJonHunt thanks Jon and Merry Xmas to you .  Need to locate and buy another suitable Cessna ASAP
23	Reflections from a warmly padded cell .  
23	Protecting Thanet from the Armada .  HMS Severn stationed off Margate today sends a strong message to the Spaniards 
23	 @ skystephen we need to distinguish between those that come to work  & amp ;  those that come to leverage the underground economy  & amp ;  benefits system . 
23	 @ mongoose3228 impressing the importance of public health standards on some businesses unfamiliar with what is expected can prove a challenge
23	 @ BBCSimonJones thank you Some might Quip that Cllr Driver should be given his own dressing room at BBC SE Today with his name on the door . 
23	 @ BBCSimonJones We do have a political opposition in Thanet other than Cllr Ian Driver and are always available to comment
23	Just indulged in Sainsburys best quality mature camel joint for New Year .  Dogs appreciated it even if we didnt .  Wheres that can of beans ? 
23	Reflections from a warmly padded cell .  
23	aircraft recovery underway 
23	 @ ruskin147 Recalling two happy years of the tech report on Sky News Im reminded of Freeserve and Yahoo .  
23	 @ PMGallagher1 sent it over to you ! 
23	If you dont watch  # strictlycomedancing tonight the BBC know where you live .  You will be sent to Manchester  & amp ;  politically re - educated
23	Because of a loophole in the definition of self employment a third of Big Issue vendors are now from eastern Europe 
23	 @ glynmoody  @ duncanhart it was a massive integration project for the Bavarian government .  I wrote a case study for  # UNISYS back when it began
23	A jungle adventure in Calais ?  May have to go over  & amp ;  photograph the growing tented village  next week .  Theres a growing refugee crisis
23	Try to emigrate to Australia and you are judged on what you can give and what you will take .  By comparison the UK looks more take than give
23	 @ mongoose3228 quite agree .  Cllr Poole is your man unless it s switched now to Cllr Fenner
23	 @ ruskin147 Only if they have a formal social media policy .  Its a vexing subject and I will be speaking at  " Securing the Law Firm "  in Jan . 
23	Greenhouse trashed by storm and Manston just called to tell me my aircraft trashed too  @ BBC southeast 
23	Fabulous sunshine at Margate today .  Ive been out taking photos .  
23	Nick Cleggs views on EU Migration are now as irrelevant to the weight of public opinion as Nick Clegg . 
23	What Yalding near Maidstone looked like before sunset today 
23	Government in several EU accession states is loosely modelled on the script of the popular TV series ,  The Sopranos and Brussels knows it . 
23	More than I expected taking opportunistic snaps yesterday !  
23	Reading Wilfred Thesigers Arabian Sands with a deep sense of nostalgia for past adventures 
23	Thanet and its more colourful councillors feature in The Independent on Sunday 
23	Vince Cables ill - considered comments on immigration reminds me of Shakespeare The sheeted dead did squeak and gibber in the Roman streets
23	 @ ruskin147 average Facebook user is now a 45 year old woman from the last stats I saw .  Losing its constituency among the young . 
23	Another new buzzword in the lexicon of politically correct policing .  Community Resolution whatever that means in our dystopic society
23	Nobody seems to be offering the heavy lift solutions to the budget deficit but Lib  & amp ;  Lab want to inflict pain on those they perceive as rich
23	 @ razdaz66 perhaps im being self critical ? 
23	 @ BBCBreakfast As the new Stonehenge visitor centre opens I can remember walking among the great monument freely as a boy .  £18 seems a lot . 
23	 @ MarkReckless  @ DanHannanMEP Plenty of work for him hunting wild bores around the Westminster village then ?  Cant wait . 
23	My Xmas lunch interrupted by a phone call .  Can I fly a banner for a someone stuck at the airport in Saudi Arabia ?  Errr .  .  .  No  . Bit far away
23	 @ rdsmithTW when I left school I worked on the hovercraft in some bad Channel gales but cant imagine a Force 12 .  Terrifying ! 
23	A giant of history but before hes even laid to rest the argument over who owns the Mandela name ,  trademark and copyright starts to surface
23	 @ bbcsoutheast if Cllrs decline Brightons Diversity Training or ignore any sanction then what ?  They cant be compelled ? 
23	RSA accuse William Snowden of telling porkies while M & amp ; S warns customers carrying porkies that some checkout staff may not accept them . 
23	Moderate minimum wages do more good than harm .  They should be set by technocrats not politicians 
23	Preparing tomorrows flight just in case  & amp ;  the software says its impossible !  Present wind conditions at 1 , 000 feet greater than my airspeed . 
23	Ive been warning politicians about this for some time .  Good to see it surface in the press .  
23	Each one of us is a casualty of a Data Protection Act that protects a  finance industry from liability rather than its customers from fraud
23	In deep sheep !  Council tax payers face the risk of a legal bill of over £1million over the attempt to ban animal exports from Ramsgate
23	 @ margatearchi good to know .  . TX
23	 @ razdaz66 kind words indeed .  Thank you . 
23	 @ duncanhart InfoSec industry is rocking on its heels this year
23	 @ tonylarks  Happy Days .  .  I can recall 1200 baud from the office at 225 Regent Street in about 1984 .  Think its the Apple Centre now .  ironic ! 
23	 @ glynmoody Massive amounts of legacy kit .  Bavarian Ministry of Justice ,  regional governments ,  etc etc
23	Deeply frustrating .  The media urgently want photos of the flood damage in Surrey at a premium and of course ,  my aircraft is a wreck
23	 @ ruskin147 Correcting my earlier Tweet  research has 90 %  of UK Social Games on Facebook ,   70 %  Social gamers are women ,  averaging 43 years
23	 @ LesleyMDunders  no its over outside the hangar at TG triple tied down to blocks of concrete to stop it flying away on its own .  .  .  I hope ! 
23	 @ mongoose3228  @ margatearchi normally the case unless options are limited
23	 @ ThanetCouncil helpful facts are invariably of no great interest to the BBC when they can call on Cllr Driver for an opinion instead
