17	We  @ kurtosysUK are having a lot of success with our new fund tools and dynamic fund factsheet production service  -  tweet for more info . 
17	Kurtosys Fund Tools :  
17	Case Study on OnePath going live for reporting in 7 weeks !  
17	Know Your Customer ?  
17	Kurtosys Web ,  now with built - in templates for web  &  mobile 
17	A new style in client expectations 
17	Using social data to convert today’s dissatisfied customers into tomorrow’s brand ambassadors 
17	The Kurtosys Platform :  It’s not just for Christmas ;  it’s a whole new .  .  .  
17	In Chicago ,  in a sports bar and having a beer ! 
17	QR Codes :   Coming soon to a fund factsheet near you  ( Part 1 )  
17	An insight into how Kurtosys web design team put together our website management and interactive web tools for asset …
17	Kurtosys makes available Thames River Capitals App on the iTunes App Store .   To learn more about Kurtosys Mobile Dev…
17	OnePath goes live with Kurtosys for Fund Reporting in 7 weeks 
17	Are you prepared for KIIDs  -  the deadline is fast approaching !  
17	Case study :  Charles Schwab  -  Rate and review online community 
17	 @ TheVictoriaRose at a charity dinner  -  the presenter of the one show  ( the woman )  is presenting and Lord Jeffrey Archer now doing an auction
17	Product Update  -  Kurtosys Web 
17	Kurtosys sponsor table at Sense International Charity Event 
17	Head in the clouds :  Why all businesses should be looking skywards to .  .  .  
17	Treatment number 4 for my lymphoma cancer went well today without any problems . More importantly this week I had some really encouraging n…
17	Kurtosys partners with PAS to extend their financial planning tools capability 
17	The law of the few :  Connectors ,  mavens and salespeople 
17	Take a look at our new website and enjoy !  
17	Kurtosys survey reveals that investor satisfaction hinges on reporting quality ,  interactivity  & amp ;  mobile 
17	 @ idealrounds  @ lordlummy  @ LukeHinch  @ themediaengine   # BeerOClock  .  .  . name the date ,  time and venue ? 
17	Buying insurance from Facebook :  Myth or reality ?  
17	
17	Online CommunitiesWHY THE CURRENT MODEL OF FINANCIAL MARKETING IS BROKEN AND HOW ONLINE COMMUNITIES CAN HELP FIX IT .  
17	 @ themediaengine  -  shame Scott couldnt keep up with the pace ! 
17	So what is Sponge ?  
17	Kurtosyss Mo Space 
17	In Geneva today attending a beauty parade ! 
17	Protecting your digital footprint 
17	OnePath goes live with Kurtosys for Fund Reporting in 7 weeks
17	Trending Now ▸  # kurtosys by  @ kurtosysUK .  
17	 @ lordlummy .  .  .  . guess  :  -  ) 
17	 @ idealrounds I know who you are  :  -  ) 
17	Wash your mouth out !  – Lessons in video marketing from a tongue cleaner !  
17	Online Communities : WHY THE CURRENT MODEL OF FINANCIAL MARKETING IS BROKEN AND HOW ONLINE COMMUNITIES CAN HELP FIX IT . 
17	Kurtosys is pleased to announce the launch of the free  # Fundworks app which is now available for Android powered smart…
17	Fundworks app shortlisted for Innovative use of mobile marketing .  .  .  
17	Emma just called me a twit for tweeting !  Only cos she doesnt know how to tweet !  ! 
17	Buying insurance from Facebook :  Myth or reality ?  
17	 @ TheVictoriaRose  -  in a nice way right  ;  -  ) 
17	 @ TheVictoriaRose miss yoou more x x x
17	 @ idealrounds  @ lordlummy  @ LukeHinch  @ themediaengine   # BeerOClock
17	Kurtosys partners with PAS to extend their financial planning tools .  .  .  
17	Product Update  -  Kurtosys Web 
17	Legg Mason Global Asset Management live on Kurtosys Mobile 
17	Like my new profile picture ? For 10 weeks I have been diagnosed with Lymphoma Cancer and have just had my 3rd cycle of chemotherapy drugs . …
17	Why is it when the weather gets colder my journey to work gets hotter ? 
17	Landed and looking forward to getting home and trying to relax and shake any jet - lag
17	 @ lordlummy  -   ;  -  )  could be .  .  . 
17	We’re hiring !   [ Web Designer role ]  
17	Introducing what investors really want… 
17	 @ TheVictoriaRose miss you too .  .  . x x x
17	This vindicates Kurtosys decision to include a fully integrated mobile proposition within our Digital Marketing Platf…
17	So why Sponge ?  
17	Off to Edinburgh today to commence the implementation of our latest customer for FundTools and FundSource
17	2 day trip to Edinburgh and a night out with customers  -  should be fun ! 
17	Off to Chicago airport and coming home
17	Prudential select Kurtosys as their partner for fund factsheet .  .  .  
17	Kurtosys Systems ,  a global provider of digital media and communications to financial services ,  is proud to announce th…
