21	Ugh cant get the smell of rotting kidneys out of my nose .  Also ,  a student actually called me sir today .  Yes ,  me .  Seriously . 
21	Photo :  Another image from the previous shoot .   [ Nikon D800  +  Nikon Nikkor 85mm f / 1 . 4G AF - S ]  
21	Photo :  An actual shot of one of the models from Anna’s photoshoot .  It was a lot of fun and the weather was .  .  .  
21	Photo :  Yes I’m still alive  ( I swear )  .  Apologies ,  just been kind of distracted with real life stuff for a .  .  .  
21	So I saw Robots Punching Monsters :  The Movie .  It had robots and also monsters getting punched so I liked this movie . 
21	Photo :  Re - edits ,  I was never totally happy with the originals but these are so different I don’t think I can .  .  .  
21	Photo :  Re - edits ,  I was never totally happy with the originals but these are so different I don’t think I can .  .  .  
21	Photo :  Re - edits ,  I was never totally happy with the originals but these are so different I don’t think I can .  .  .  
21	Ugh ,  when editing images I find it so hard to decide whether an image is done or not . 
21	Wow Id love to have been a fly on the wall at Microsoft HQ these last few days . 
21	I stayed up till 4am to watch all of the Sony conference and oh my god was it worth it . 
21	Ok ,  The Division looks pretty good . 
21	 @ jonanamary  @ somedamnthing  @ lloyddy  @ Sputnyak  @ you _ twits Oooooh god !   & lt ; 3
21	 @ Cooking _ J Rest assured that they were indeed very much amazing .   * food coma * 
21	I am making tacos and Im very excited about it ,  its the little things in life . 
21	 @ gwenlefay Oh its okay Ill just cry myself to death . 
21	 @ erebiel Right behind you .  .  . 
21	Hmm only got three truckloads of Valentines Day cards / flowers / chocolates this year .  .  .  I must be getting old and past it .   :  ( 
21	 @ gwenlefay  & lt ; 3
21	 @ gwenlefay  @ circuitgazer Hurry up Im so bored . 
21	 @ gwenlefay  @ circuitgazer Actually do this please . 
21	 @ erebiel yeeeesssssssss
21	ARE YOU READY FOR SOME FOOTBALL ? 
21	 @ gwenlefay Ahhhh its 3wf30 ,  sorry !  !  PS when are you visiting England already ?  Crumbs . 
21	 @ gwenlefay What are you blathering on about ? 
21	 @ gwenlefay Uhhh .  .  .  Huh ? 
21	 @ gwenlefay Get him to use my referral code and you too can be cool .   ; D
21	 @ gwenlefay Then your brother is as cool as all get out ! 
21	 @ jonanamary  .  _  _  _  _  _  .  ; 
21	 @ jonanamary No way I have a reputation to uphold .   * covers pile of naruto figurines with futon * 
21	 @ hobofood Done !  Not sure if it worked though ! 
21	 @ jonanamary YES :   " 19 : 20 - 19 : 40 How to Enjoy Yaoi Texts :  Manga Consumption of Female Otaku in Japan  ( Dr .  Sonoko Azuma )  " 
21	 @ hobofood Im on Android too so it should .  You just touch the Moneko thing in the lower right of the main menu .  Mine is 3wf30 btw ! 
21	 @ hobofood Im still in chapter 1 but I love it already ,  referral code swap ?   ; 3
21	Anyone play Battle Cats ?  This dumb thing is stupidly addictive .   :  & lt ; 
21	 @ dwylth  @ hobofood I certainly am now ! 
21	 @ hobofood Im going to take that as a complement . 
21	Listening to Black Metal while watching Russian dashboard camera footage .  Pretty normal Thursday evening really . 
21	Happy New Year everyone !  2012 was completely rubbish on the whole so at least the bar has been set really low for 2013 ! 
21	 @ gwenlefay Yeah this better happen ,  or ELSE . 
21	 @ gwenlefay The saddest of times .   :  ( 
21	Uh oh it looks like Im staying in and playing video games alone this New Years Eve .  Feel free to mock me I guess ! 
21	Okay so I suppose this is what youd call a Christmassy image ,  I mean it kind of looks like a Christmas tre… 
21	 @ PaulsPictures Oh not much really ,  we only chatted for a moment !  She didnt mind or anything fortunately . 
21	Had a fairly nice Friday Id say ,  I also forgot how lovely smoking shisha with friends is .   :  } 
21	Okay so I dont do the whole street photography thing often really .  But well ,  I guess the moment just feels… 
21	 @ gwenlefay It is a mystery !   :  & gt ; 
21	 @ gwenlefay Yes ,  I believe this was indeed the case . 
21	 @ gwenlefay The goatman got me .  .  . 
21	Silent Hill levels of fog outside .  I guess this means that a weird shambling monster is about to kill me ,  well at least I hope so . 
21	Okay and this is the last one like this for now ,  no seriously .  .  .  I promise ! To be honest I have been rather un… 
21	Drinking sweet wine ,  yep ,  this is a thing I am doing right now . 
21	More Christmassy bokeh ,  plus added bike .  Its like a two for one sale .  .  .  But better somehow !  Sorry .  .  .  Im tir… 
21	2 hours sleep and I think I have yet another cold ,  roll on Santacon ! 
21	Well ,  its that time of year again and thus Christmas lights are everywhere at the moment ,  of course theyre … 
21	 @ Kirif1 Yes we should totally do that !  ! 
21	 @ Kirif1 Naw you dont !  Im really lazy .  I havent even taken any photos in a while .  .  .  Its too cold outside ! 
21	 @ Kirif1 Im sorry !  f / 2 . 8 also owns ,  actually its a lot better in general if youre not a lame  ~  * bokeh *  ~  obsessed photographer like me .   : D
21	 @ Kirif1 Its the only aperture as far as Im concerned . 
21	What can I say ?  Im only human .  .  .  Just like anyone else I cant resist the allure of taking pictures of cats . … 
21	Breaking in new boots isnt so bad ,  who needs skin anyway . 
21	Wow ,  so much snow out of nowhere ! 
21	 @ beatonna A good opinion in this particular case . 
21	 @ gwenlefay Yeah I mean really ,  at this point your mind is just too far gone to save .  Its all very sad .   :  ) 
21	 @ gwenlefay You would !  Seriously Gwen this doesnt remotely surprise me . 
21	The classic toadstool mushroom .  First time I’ve seen some when I have a good camera with me .  So naturally I t… 
21	A good day :  New boots ! 
21	Ive wanted to do a night sky image like this for a good while now .  .  .  Although I never got to take the pictur… 
21	My god this cough .  .  .  My lungs are trying to escape !  !  !  Halp . 
21	 @ jonanamary Thanks Jo .  Ill try to !  Kind of hoping the bad news stops rolling in soon though .   : D
21	Went to the doctor for the results of some tests and confirmed that I am heading towards Osteoporosis on top of everything else .  Cool beans . 
21	 @ jonanamary Tagged myself because I can !  !  ! 
21	Christ on a cracker I feel like ass today . 
21	Trying to improve my Photoshop post - processing skills overall .  Anyone have any useful sites / tutorials for this kind of thing ? 
21	 @ Meewunk I thought the cure for that was drinking a whole bottle of bleach ?  Oh well too late now .  .  . 
21	 @ Meewunk I wish .  At least then Id know why my body is rebelling against the concept of being well ! 
21	My kidneys hurt and I cant see properly .  How completely awesome ! 
21	Whoops its almost 6pm and I literally havent eaten anything all day . 
21	Hahaha ,  I got all worked up for that ?  ?  ?  Romney you suck . 
21	Seriously anxious about the results of an election in a country I dont even live in . 
21	 @ Neris _ k AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
21	Right ,  I really must be productive today .  I CAN do this .  .  .  ! 
21	 ~ I Hate Mondays ~ 
21	Having a constant headache for 7 days straight is kind of lame IMO . 
21	Its been a while since I last just walked around London at night ,  and the first time Ive really done it wit… 
21	 @ gwenlefay Nope !  But they might appear in the future ! 
21	Ahahahaha this jumper I just bought .  .  .  Its a monstrosity ,  I love it . 
21	 @ gwenlefay MMMMM .  .  .  BUGS . 
21	Well it seems that whatever evil bug infected me and knocked me right on my ass is on the way out .  So back to editing ! 
21	Whoops I did that thing where I forgot Im not a normal healthy human being again !  Hello extreme flu - like symptoms .   :  ( 
21	Ok I lied ,  I went shopping and got a haircut instead ! 
21	Right ,  time to hit the ol photo editing grindstone ! 
21	Possibly my favourite image from the whole set ,  pretty grimy !   .  .  . I wonder if I can still convince her to do a corps… 
21	I finally have a photography related idea .  Lets see if we ever have a non - cloudy evening .  .  . 
21	Although this wasnt exactly a planned part of the shoot ,  I did really like this on the spot shot I took of the pai… 
21	Ugh I have a cold ,  Im getting sick of being sick all the time .  Hahaha ,  no but seriously just shoot me . 
21	An outdoor shoot me and Anna worked on together ,  Im actually rather pleased with many images from it so it is very… 
21	Next time I take my camera along to an indoor wedding event Im just gotta rent a 28mm or 35mm .  85mm was too long .   :  & lt ; 
21	A second image from the same day because I rather like this one too .  
21	Oh my days Im so tired help . 
21	We went for a bike ride together and scouted out some spots to try some ideas for portraits and the like .  
21	Taken in the evening of a really hot summer day .  
21	 " Gay Marriage is kind of tame for me .  Im into shit you wouldnt even believe .  "   - Ronald McDonald ,  2012
21	 @ gwenlefay The saddest tale .   :  ( 
21	Good grief ,  its at times like this that I wish I were a smoker . 
21	 @ gwenlefay Gwen ,  as much as I like the male genitalia  ( and I really do )  .  .  .  Im just not in the mood for such things .   :  ( 
21	 @ gwenlefay Thats not a good thing you penis !  !  ! 
21	Urrrgh I am going stir crazy RIP me in advance . 
21	 @ WINDY _ BUTT Ill live  ( probably )  !  Hope you have a good one ! 
21	 @ WINDY _ BUTT Id love to come but I really havent been very well lately .   :  ( 
21	Welp I couldnt resist doing it again Im sorry ,  I wanted to try it on dedicated black and white film because… 
21	Another shot taken in the early morning .  [ Fuji Provia 400X ,  Nikon FM2n ]  
21	Found in the very early morning at sunrise ,  I wonder what events transpired the night before .  .  . I actually got… 
21	This pretty much goes to show how long it has taken me to get photos up .  .  .  [ Fuji Velvia 100F ,  Nikon FM2n ]  
21	Okay ,  Im going to try and get back into the swing of uploading photos again .  Hope this works out ! Fencing !  [ Fu… 
21	Oh its over I guess ,  RIP . 
21	Oh man just when it looked like it wasnt going to be total garbage for a few minutes .  .  .  Here comes Jessie J ,  again . 
21	Sorry Eric ,  itll be hard to look on the bright side of anything after this . 
21	Im currently vomiting into my own anus . 
21	Yo Im a little late but this closing ceremony malarkey is well shit ,  innit ? 
21	Well .  .  .  I guess I have to apologize again for taking so long to put images up ,  sadly there has been a lot goi… 
21	So apparently traveling across the Pacific on a goose and infinite Sean Conneries are the kind of things I dream about these days . 
21	Photo :  An actual portrait with this camera !  I went along to DeviantArt’s official London summer meet thingy .  .  .  .  
21	Football . 
21	Its funny because I posted that right after we got knocked out . 
21	COME ON ENGLAND YOU CAN DO IT !  !  !  ! 
21	 @ jonanamary  @ lloyddy  @ Neris _ k  @ WINDY _ BUTT  @ dmatryx  @ you _ twits yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeessssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
21	Photo :  Sorry I haven’t uploaded anything in a while !  As I ususally send film to be developed in bulk it can .  .  .  
21	 .   @ Anmagdan is amazing . 
21	Nikon D800 first impressions :  Owns . 
21	Why hello there shiny new camera and lens its very nice to meet you too . 
21	 @ Anmagdan No way ,  Im going to eat it all myself .  While crying . 
21	I have successfully completed construction of a lemon victoria sponge . 
21	Photo :  Looking upstream on the millenium bridge .  Overall it was a really moody day and I think black and .  .  .  
21	Ahh another nice day and Im eating Haribo .  This is the life ~ 
21	Walked around London all afternoon in the lovely sunshine .  Now Im pooped . 
21	Photo :  Boris Bikes !  This really could have been better shot on colour film but alas .  I still quite like it .  .  .  
21	Took a photograph of a duck today ,  that is all . 
21	 @ iliekmudkips Fucking .  Ouch .   :  & lt ; 
21	Photo :  Battle of Britain Memorial on the south bank of the Thames near Westminster .  It’s… Quite creepy when .  .  .  
21	Photo :  Wow another fence shot wide open ,  original art right here .  Even so they’re a pretty good subject for .  .  .  
21	Photo :  Snow !  Where I live no less !  Don’t let the brightness fool you ,  this was taken as dawn was breaking… .  .  .  
21	Photo :  Earth to flesh ,  flesh to wood ,  cast these limbs into the water…  [ Adox CHS 50 ART ,  Nikon FM2n  +  Nikkor .  .  .  
21	Photo :  The street I live on  ( no stalk ploz )  ,  fresh snow early in the morning !  Grainy as heck because this is .  .  .  
21	Photo :  More cross processing ,  apperently there IS life on mars… After this was taken an alien ate me and I .  .  .  
21	Photo :  Ah yes ,  cross processing .  But this is a little different… The popular choice for cross processing .  .  .  
21	Photo :  Taken as the sun was rising on a very frosty day indeed .   [ Kodak Portra 160 ,  Nikon FM2n  +  Nikkor 50mm .  .  .  
21	Photo :  More of Anna in a studio style at her house !  This was actually supposed to be a colour film shoot  ( on .  .  .  
21	Dangerously tempted to reinstall Falcon 4 . 0 :  Allied Force .  Oh god help me . 
21	Come on Nikon get your prime lenses in stock in the UK already please ,  plz ,  thx  :  & lt ; 
21	Photo :  Velvia is my favourite film ,  although perhaps using it in the studio for portraits isn’t wise !  But I .  .  .  
21	Photo :  An hour exposure at f / 5 . 6 .  I’d wanted to try making star trail images ever since I got a good camera .  .  .  
21	Photo :  Kodachrome !  I managed to shoot some before it went away forever .  Didn’t get any really amazing photos .  .  .  
21	Photo :  Sandkatze !  He just woke up when this was shot  ( and you can really tell )  .  Taken at the Berlin Zoo .  .  .  .  
21	 @ jonanamary Aye youre right ,  hes one of those urbex photographer types and theyre always up to no good .  Not that its any excuse ! 
21	Photo :  Shot at the Holocaust Memorial in Berlin ,  was nice to visit it .  Even though my friend got shouted at .  .  .  
21	Photo :  My friend Mai ,  we went together to Germany .  Taken in Cologne just before catching our horribly .  .  .  
21	Photo :  In Cologne we found a rose garden on the roof of an old fort ,  the rain cleared just long enough for .  .  .  
21	Photo :  Rum tea in a random cafe in Cologne .  Delicious !  From my trip to Germany before summer last year .   [ New .  .  .  
21	Photo :  One of the few images I’ve taken on medium format film ,  looking back it’s not really how I wanted it .  .  .  
21	Photo :  Something a bit different / unusual .  I had to shoot this with an ND filter because at 3200 the film was .  .  .  
21	 @ GuildSlacker That is an accurate statement . 
21	Photo :  Violin player outside the National Portrait Gallery .  I’ve chatted to him a few times !  Neopan 400 .  .  .  
21	Photo :  World Zombie Day London last year .  This guy was my favourite !  I shouldn’t have used Velvia in .  .  .  
21	Photo :  Tree blossoms in the spring last year .  I’m looking forward to taking some more this time around !  .  .  .  
21	Photo :  I met a new friend while taking some random photos on an area of wasteland in my town ,  I caught him .  .  .  
21	Photo :  Another image from the summer ,  going on autumn .  I added a slight warmtone via LR3 that I cooked up .  .  .  
21	Photo :  A suspicious bird I caught spying on me near the Thames / London Eye in the summer .  Velvia really is a .  .  .  
21	 @ Kirif1 I now follow you too !  Blammo ! 
21	 @ Kirif1 It is indeed me !   .  .  . I think ! 
21	Photo :  These insects seem to crop up a lot in macro photography ,  but not on Delta !  My favourite high speed .  .  .  
21	Roses are red ,  though not always ,  they can come in white and orange and a few other colours too . 
21	Photo :  Shot taken near London Kings Cross in the Spring 2011 .  Portra 400NC was a fairly nice film but the .  .  .  
21	 @ jonanamary Ooh yeah actually Id love give that a try !  Even aside from being a good cause it sounds lots of fun . 
21	 @ jonanamary Yeah I cant sleep at all .  Hooray !  This is pretty ususal for me though ,  hope you have fun wherever youre going ! 
21	 @ HentaiGirl69 Also followed you ,  gg ! 
21	 @ HentaiGirl69 c4k3 . tumblr . com ,  like most things I make I will likely not use it for anything worthwhile but WHO KNOWS !  !  !  ! 
21	4 : 20  * eyes glow red * 
21	Not sleeping is v .  bad ,  I just made a tumblr . 
21	 @ jonanamary I agree ! 
21	 @ HentaiGirl69 you said it on twitter now you have to !  ! 
21	This is all getting a wee bit crazy .  .  . 
21	Watching space rocket machine launch woop . 
21	 @ jonanamary Oh dear  :  (  just got back from Germany though and Im 90 %  sure I didnt murder more than one person .  .  . 
21	Twitter seems to have decided to unfollow lots of people WHY YOU SO SILLY TWITTER !  ?  !  ?  ! 
21	 @ jenrothery best gameeee
21	 @ zhenatfulhamfc Hahaha nice one ,  I hope Bieber does that in the race too . 
21	 @ zhenatfulhamfc Typically I miss the good bit D : 
21	 @ Stoooooooo Ugh I want all three of those .  .  .  ZOE 2 was really good ,  I havent played Peace Walker and SH2 is the best thing ever made . 
21	Love getting a good nights sleep and yet being mysteriously tired by 6pm .  Maybe if it wasnt so stuffy in my fortress of solitude .  .  . 
21	 @ xerode Holy shiiit ,  what a fucker . 
21	 @ Stoooooooo OH MY GOD WHAT IS THAT TEXTURE DOING TO ITS ANUS
21	really need to stop with this going to bed before 10pm nonsense .  .  .   * old * 
21	 @ jakehumphreyf1 fantastic race ,  my only hope is that the season hasnt peaked early
