1	We have just added a tab to our page where you can directly watch our YouTube videos .  Please check it out at this .  .  .  
1	Im back ,  I know I have been away for a while ,  and dear friends I am feeling very much alive and in the mood to .  .  .  
1	Great session with Kellies little one  -  Alfie ,  such a great kid  :  ) 
1	Please can you write me a review ?  Please can you write me a review ?  .  .  .  
1	 @ englishstamp Thank you for following ! 
1	Featured on  @ shropshirelive  -  
1	Welcome to all the new Likers ,  thank you so much ,  big hugs to you and yours ! By the way ,  if you are looking for .  .  .  
1	New business card arrived this morning !  So excited  :  )  what do you think ?  
1	Mothers and Babies  -  Ludlow Photgorapher 
1	Ellis is such a spirited soul ,  you can tell he is going to be into everything once he can start moving about on .  .  .  
1	
1	 @ LudlowHouse No watering at all !  I filled my pond up yesterday .  .  .  I think it may overflow ! 
1	Tip :  this weather is perfect for taking photos of flowers so get out there and shoot ! 
1	Big Hi to Mandie and Nicky ,  how are you guys ?  x
1	What a beautiful day in Ludlow ! 
1	Tomorrows going to be a big one ,  looking forward to it ! 
1	Follow me on Facebook  :  
1	The photos from Rogers party are coming along very well ! 
1	For each answer you get right ,  this site donates 10 grains of rice to starving people  :  
1	© Michelle Jones 
1	 @ StLaurencesVP Cant wait to see the results ,  a subject is always better photographed by someone who knows it intimately . 
1	Ludlow Gardeners Unite ! 
1	Creepshots and revenge porn :  how paparazzi culture affects women 
1	I posted 2 photos on Facebook in the album  " Artistic Nature "  
1	Behind the scenes !  
1	Opinions on my new websites front page ?  
1	Introduction to Ludlow Photographer :  
1	I posted 5 photos on Facebook in the album  " Lou and Rich "  
1	Going to be another scorcher ! 
1	1 Min Tip :  To get shots of rain  -  set your shutter to 1 / 60 and get a dark background .   # 1mintipludlowphoto
1	Wow ,  this was a fantastic week ,  lots done ,  and next week looks to be jam packed as well !  I love being busy . 
1	Its 5 : 30am ,  Im up and getting prepped to go .  Its going to b interesting ,  I love shooting interiors ! 
1	To celebrate this wonderful time of year get your family together and have some pictures taken  -  £25 for an hour .  .  .  
1	 @ LudlowHouse Massive birthday party to photograph !  Over 150 guests with an everyone shot to do as well ! 
1	
1	Sunny again .  .  .  the earth has PMS .  .  . 
1	This is my favourite lampshade made by Sula ,  in total there were 47 lampshades all shot in three and a half .  .  .  
1	Follow me on Facebook  :  
1	Welcome and a big Hi there to all of our new fans ,  please dont hesitate to ask questions and tell your friends ! 
1	 " Take the Rough with the Smooth " A study in light ,  shape and feel . © .  .  .  
1	Because the weather is warm ,  people are going strange .  .  .  Saw a bloke having an argument with a lamp post . 
1	Its a lovely day people !  What are you going to do with it ?  Me .  .  .  Im going to wash and polish the car ! 
1	A magician was driving down the road .  . then he turned into a drive way .  .  . 
1	I can hear the birds singing ,  the day has begun ! 
1	It was a great shoot today ,  lovely people ,  fantastic place .  .  .  for my loyal fans  -  here is a sneak peek !   -  Hagley .  .  .  
1	There are more things in life than chicken tikka . 
1	After 13 years of taking photos as a pro ,  why in the hell do I still get jittery ?  ! 
1	Roger Griffiths is 90 years old ,  I took the photographs for his birthday party .  Im so envious of him ,  he looks .  .  .  
1	Looking at great photography soothes the soul ! 
1	130 Guests ,  12 Groups ,  1 Hour . Nailed it ! 
1	Getting everything done ,  one job atta time baby ! 
1	Mend and Make Do 
1	Featured in the Shropshire Life Magazine !  My photograph is on the Front cover !  
1	I posted 7 photos on Facebook in the album  " Alfie "  
1	 # ImGratefulFor Being happy with my life ! 
1	Looking for 3 mums with newborns under 3 weeks old .  Free Photo session offer .  Please email for more details  -  .  .  .  
1	To take a good photo of someone in the blazing sun ,  stand them with their back to the sun and overexpose by 2 . 
1	Check out the re - broadcast of money  +  business .  On 
1	Tintype Turkey .  
1	Rogers party photographs are looking good ,  but theyre not there yet !  !  ! 
1	Charles ,  Prince of Wales at Parish Church of St Laurence ,  Ludlow signing the guestbook .  Photograph by Michelle .  .  .  
1	I can handle a lot of things about winter .  .  . but cold toilet seats are just wrong ! 
1	 @ tinytoesbaby Not at all ,  glad to help out and I hope that it goes well ! 
1	Quick tip :  Play peek - a - boo with toddlers to get a genuine smile ! 
1	Just ordered a new business card .  Very excited ! 
1	 @ GenevieveTudor Sounds wonderful ,  we need more trees ! 
1	HRH Prince Charles in St Laurence’s Church ,  Ludlow .  
1	
1	I posted a new photo to Facebook 
1	Lou and Richs wedding was great and it was perfect weather ,  the sneak peek will be up soon ! 
1	Ludlow Photographer hired to photograph HRH Prince Charles  |  
1	Please can you do me a favour and write me a review ?  .  .  .  
1	 @ GenevieveTudor Thats a shame ,  but you should come and enjoy our sunshine when you can ! 
1	Photograph by Michelle Jones of Ludlow Photographer  -  © Michelle Jones 
1	Looking through todays work ,  my job is so diverse !  I am so blessed to be doing what I do .  A big thank you to all of you ! 
1	 @ shropshirelive Thank you for following me ! 
1	Wow what a week guys ,  so much to do and I was pretty ill as well ,  they dont teach you how to work when you are ill in school do they ?  ! 
1	You can have a session in your home ,  just because its raining ,  doesnt mean you cant have great family photos !  .  .  .  
1	Just putting together Lou  & amp ;  Richs web gallery ! 
1	Its raining ,  its pouring ,  the old man is snoring .  .  . 
1	Every single image that makes it through to the final cut is then further refined and hand finished in Photoshop .  .  .  
1	Hi ,  Im Michelle ,  Have you got some fantastic pics of your kids yet ?  I have over 10 years experience and Im .  .  .  
1	I posted ‎2‎ photos on Facebook in the album  " ‎Artistic Nature‎ "  
1	All this yet weather is annoying but .  .  .  The garden is coming along splendidly ! 
1	 @ thejanehaynes Hi Jane ,  just wondering if you received my email ? 
1	 @ VanessaStAlbans Thank you Vanessa  :  ) 
1	Ive got an article about me on 
1	This spam is getting silly now . 
1	Appointments for photos are available for next week ,  so get in while you can ! 
1	And ,  my credit  :  ) P . S  -  In the magazine they have put my mane as Michelle Roberts  -  when ,  in fact ,  I am .  .  .  
1	Photography project ideas anyone ? 
1	At home Baby Sessions  -  I come to YOUR home with everything I need to capture your newborn at their most .  .  .  
1	 @ loafonline Looks absolutely wonderful ! 
1	Cool car in Ludlow today !  
1	Mums ,  get to this shop !  It is pretty gorgeous and youll be helping to save a landmark !  
1	So the weather is god - damned awful so if you are booking an outdoor session this week ,  please check the forecast :  .  .  .  
1	The sun is back ,  hope it stays for a while !  If its like this for Emas session its gonna be brilliant ! 
1	Just planted out Night Scented Stock seed ,  didnt grow last year ,  wish me luck ! 
1	Please answer : What is the coolest ,  most special thing about what I do ? 
1	Thinking of going out tomorrow ,  any ideas where would be good ,  fun  & amp ;  photogenic ?  Let me know ! 
1	Clothing and Stickers by mumblebug 
1	Looking for mums aged 30  -  40 to have a chat with ,  if youre one or know someone please get in touch :  either .  .  .  
1	Perhaps the most alert baby I have ever met ! © Michelle Jones 
1	 @ LudlowHouse its the first evening in such a long time .  .  .  And probably be the last in a while as well ,  dont mind tho ,  better to be busy ! 
1	This is one of my faves from little Alfies session !  
1	I posted 3 photos on Facebook in the album  " Lou and Rich "  
1	 @ carolermp Hi carol ,  I provide head shots ,  please take a look at my site 
1	Quick heads up :  If you would like one of my photographs for your desktop background ,  just email me with your .  .  .  
1	Tomorrow  -  Shooting the new care home in Ludlow ,  its going to be great  :  ) 
1	Stephen Campbell  -  Trance Bass :  
1	The Barclays Center Will Use Your Photos Without Paying ,  Or Asking You 
1	Try Macro mode on your camera and get creative with those closeup shots !  use the tag  # ludlowcloseup to share your creations ! 
1	Check out my tale from the day the Prince of Wales came to visit  :  
1	How will you be celebrating the jubilee ?   # ludlowjubilee
1	Do you have a camera ?  Well ,  Ill be out and about in Ludlow soon so if you see me ,  snap a pic !  Post it on .  .  .  
1	Mysterious Underwater ‘Crop Circles’ Discovered Off the Coast of Japan 
1	 " Minimau " My cat is so bored of me taking photographs of him !  I was testing my manual focus skills on him just .  .  .  
1	I posted 4 photos on Facebook in the album  " Printed "  
1	Follow me on Facebook  :  
1	Updated my portfolio page :  
1	 @ StLaurencesVP Thank you for following ,  hope you like the photos I did !  xx
1	HRH Prince Charles at Parish Church of St Laurence ,  Ludlow . © Michelle Jones .  Ludlow Photographer .  All Rights .  .  .  
1	I posted a new photo to Facebook 
1	So we are officially in a drought .  .  .  yet its chucking it down outside .  .  .  okaaay .  .  .   # Ludlow
1	I posted 2 photos on Facebook in the album  " Artistic Plants "  
1	Are we going to have some sun today ?  ! 
1	Booked a Session ?  Please read this  :  )  .  .  .  
1	Your day will go the way the corners of your mouth turn . 
1	Custom designed and printed Christmas cards are now Available . Bookings are being taken for Christmas .  Sessions .  .  .  
1	Went to Hoo farm for a day out  -  photographs coming soon ! 
1	Just want to say a big hello to Garreth ,  Relfy ,  Rhian ,  Chris Stefanie  & amp ;  Jonathon and thank you for liking Ludlow .  .  .  
1	Femto Photography :  Capturing Light 1 Trillion Frames Per Second 
1	Went to Hoo Farm Animal Kingdom for a day out  -  Photographs coming very ,  very soon ! 
1	1 min tip :  Set your camera to A / Av mode ,  dial the number down as low as it will go  ( 2 . 8  - 4 . 5 )  to get blurred backgrounds . 
1	Clients From Hell 
1	Now for the album design ,  so looking forward to this !  Such a beautiful day to be working with the window open ,  listening to the birds  : D
1	 @ StLaurencesVP thank you for the RT about my stained glass tip ! 
1	Just got a new rubber stamp from  @ englishstamp  ( The English Stamp Co .  )  Absolutely fantastic  -  ordered yesterday  & amp ;  came today !  Great service ! 
1	 @ MumsClub Thank you for following ! 
1	 @ GenevieveTudor You still have snow ,  Ludlow is really warm and sunny !  You should come here instead . 
1	So what are you doing this weekend ?  Let me know in the comments ! 
1	 @ LudlowHouse I am looking for mums in their 30s to ask just 5  -  10 questions to . 
1	 @ ShropshireNews Thank you so much for the tweet ! 
1	Just got back from an excellent product photography session .  Just getting the photos uploaded now ,  guess what Ill .  .  .  
1	 @ LudlowHouse Thank you for answering my questions ,  you have been a great help ! 
1	I posted 13 photos on Facebook in the album  "  "  
1	Just want to give a big shout out to Ludlow Holiday Homes Charlie for being super awesome and helpful ,  if you .  .  .  
1	How is everyone today ,  its been a crazy one for the weather ?  !  I was going to put my washing out this morning ,  but Im really glad I didnt ! 
1	 @ LudlowHouse Thank you for the RT xx
1	This is little Ellis ,  Im currently doing the Photoshop finishing touches to his images from the other day .  It .  .  .  
1	 # quickphototip To take a good photo of stained glass  -  set your camera to spot metering mode .   @ StLaurencesVP
1	Dont you just love those nights cuddled up on the sofa ,  watching a movie with a hot cup of tea and a couple of pieces of luxury chocolate ? 
1	Hi all ,  I was wondering .  .  .  what is the best joke you have ever heard ? Tell me below  & lt ; 3
1	Wow ,  the Prince of Wales !  I was the official photographer for St Laurences Church ,  the photos are coming along .  .  .  
1	There is only you and your camera .  The limitations in your photography are in yourself ,  for what we see is what we are  -  Ernst Haas
1	 @ LudlowHouse Thank you very much for the RT ,  please let me know if I can help you in some way ? 
1	Whats happening people ?  Let me know and you will get RTd  :  ) 
1	Welcome to all the new Likers ,  thank you so much ,  big hugs to you and yours ! By the way ,  if you are looking for .  .  .  
1	I do like a good fireworks display ,  so get a move on Ludlow !  hahaha  :  ) 
1	To make more people buy your products  -  Show BIG photos .   # Business  # Shropshire
1	Wow its windy in  # Ludlow today ! 
1	Hey ,  guess what ?  Its sunny again so book your photoshoot now before the rain comes back .  .  .  Only £25 with a free .  .  .  
1	At the start of the session ,  she looks so cute ! © Michelle Jones 
1	I know no one wants to think about it ,  but Christmas is coming soon so if you want your portraits before the big .  .  .  
1	 @ jimallthetime Thank you for the RT Jim  :  )  x
1	Photographers ,  Choose Your Mentors Wisely 
1	 @ BeingBoycie sounds like a wondeful way to spend this evening  :  ) 
1	Another happy customer  :  )  the canvasses look great and selling really well ! 
1	What a lovely day ,  I hope it stays like this .  I adore autumn .  .  .  What is your favourite time of the year ? 
1	Toothbrushes in the desert . © Michelle Jones 
1	Looking forward to Lous and Richards Wedding later ,  its going to be awesome ! 
1	 @ LudlowHouse I agree completely  :  )  Do you know about my Ludlow business offer ?  
1	For one week only  -  Mon 9th to Mon 16th I will be giving you an additional 16x12 "  print with every portrait .  .  .  
1	The photos are coming along rather nicely ,  cant wait to get the main gallery up and online ! 
1	Zack Arias Takes DigitalRev’s Cheap Camera Challenge 
1	Just took a photograph that I have titled  " Take the rough with the Smooth "  ,  just starting to work on it now ,  Ill post as soon as its done ! 
1	Portrait Sessions  - £25 . 00 with free 12 "  Print . Extra Prints start at £4 . 00 . Tel :  01584 878807Email :  .  .  .  
